No title [40]
#############
:date: 2006-11-14 01:35
:author: Anthony Scopatz
:category: missives
:slug: 40

If you are unaware who Suan Sontag is then I will offer a brief
explanation here before moving on the the dare-I-say content of this
post. She was an eminant scholar and otherwise academic person in the
1950s and 1960s. I found out about her a couple of months ago from Kerry
sending me an article which included some of her diary entries.

The work of that gave Susan her permenant residence in Academe is
entitled "Against Interpretation." Having read this I woud say that it
has influenced me as much as other life-changing works fr me such as
Socrates' Apology and Neil Stephenson's Cryptonomicon. "Against
Interpretation" deals with one of the previously troubling aspects of my
knowledge: Art. For a few years now I have not ben satisfied with my
understanding of Art. I first realized that I did not understand what
Art was about my sophmore year of undergraduate studies. I thus went
around and asked those various producers of the subject what it was. The
answer was consistenly vauge. "It is what I make." "It is many things to
every viewer." While these may have been true, it is not satifying.
Furthermore, they may not be true. I felt that for something that has
sch effort dedicaed to it for so long, there must be more substance to
such a discipline.

The subtext to all response I ever recieved, even if not explicitly
pointed out, was that Art is fundementaly subjective. A work is produced
and even if it portrays one thing and is meant to coax out a certain
emotion, it is the viewer, the consumer who always decides what the
product yeilds for themself. Susun Sontag, however, through breif
illustration of historical thought, points out that the interpratation
of Art is a relatively modern phenomenon. And even more recently was the
advent of Art being self-aware. That is to say Art is now aware of its
own interpreattion and being prodced with the interpretation in mind.
This serves to promote Interpretation's near stanglehold on the whole of
Art. Art is now made to be interpreted.

Susan Sontag claims that before Art was interpreted and formulated and
stylized it was first experianced for what it was. This still happens.
Whenever one approaches a work of Art, before ones cognative processes
are allowed to decompose a peice, on must first experiance it.

I will now make a leap (which I will take as an axiom, although I am
sure there are deeper levels and more meaningful assumptions that can be
made). I invite the reader to recall their Heidegger. For Heidegger, in
a temporally independent universe, dasein was the most fundemantal
aspect of an object. A being's physical existance is what matters. This
is typically thought to be in direct opposition, or at least a passing
alternate, to the Aristotillian veiw where the soul engenders the
physical existance and renders the world meaningful. I claim that an
existance in a localized region for a finite amount of time is an
experiance. I will make no effort here to back up my claim.

Art as an experiance is aesthetic. One's perception of a work of Art,
while still subjective from the point of view that the veiwer
experiances it, is not open to interpritation. Ms. Sontag points out
that some Art is more subject to the rigors of interpreattion than
others. Painting and Literature are among the most interparted works.
Film at the begining and Dance and Orchestral music are some of the less
interpreted and much more experiential. Now, in this age, we can add
Video Games as an emerging experiential artform. As an Art, most video
games undergo little to no interpetation, much like movies, and are not
treated as art. I expect that this mentality is changing and that within
the next 20 years we will see and to some extent have already seen
concepts such as Autuership and possibly even a Classical Japaneese Game
come out.

However, other forms of purely experiential art have arisen since the
writing of "Against Interpretation." The advent of Non-linear, Chaotic,
and Fractal Mathematics has added art which can be nothing but
experiential. Many people have called various fractals, like the
Mandelbrot set and its variotions like the Buhdabrot set, Art. Let us
suppose that such works are indeed art. If so, then they are certainly
not produced by any one person. This shouldn't bother us since most Art
is made by a collective, especially the more technilogically advanced
ones. On teh other end, the fractal art is neither produced by anyone at
all! Instead, the math that forumlates these graphics could have been
written down at anytime prior to its initial disover and will remain
producable in the same way irrespective of who produces it. Fractal art
is infinitely availible.

Artists have long claimed that they were merely vessles. They translate
messages the gods gave them into their work. No wisdom, no
interpretation. They were simply the method used to create; artists were
not the creators. This task of becoming the perfect spiritual medium has
now been acomplished. However, it was not done by an artist. Instead,
mathematics happened to fall on something that was then experianced. And
when this newfound methodology was experianced, it was experianced as
Art. What is more is that it would be proposterous to say that fractals
are meant to be interpreted for the same reason that it would be silly
to say that experiancing nature is saying something about humanity or
any other abstracts. Nature is real; it is neither implicit or explicit.
Like existance and experiance, nature is inescapable. There are ways to
relate these fundemantals to concepts, but that is beyond my scope here.
What is important is the distinction. Mathematicians achieved what Art
found it couldn't and then abandoned. However, in this process Math
became Art.

To sum up, Art is an experiance. Since, the time of Susan Sontag, new
and different forms of art have been produced. What is more, these new
forms are, while not free from interpretation due to the imbeded
mentality of Artists and critics, at least adverse to interprataion for
the moment and are free to be experianced in the raw brutality of their
own existance. Art may be free to be what it is.
