No title [61]
#############
:date: 2007-01-27 03:17
:author: Anthony Scopatz
:category: missives
:slug: 61

Just played around on my LAN with Patrick and Anthony. We played Diablo
II and there was much rejoicing.

We also watched this movie tonight called "But I'm a Cheerleader." I
highly recommend it. It plays off of many homosexual stereotypes for its
humor, but also has some genuinely witty and ironic moments.
Interestingly enough, of the main-ish characters, all of the female
characters were white and Christian or defects of that faith. On the
other hand, most of the male characters were not one or both of those.
All in all it was a very cute, feel good movie, as most movies about
repressed minorities that I have seen tend to be. They make their point,
which is typically very powerful, but somehow need to justify this by
placing the movie in a happier perspective somehow by the end. Almost
every Israeli film I have seen has had a similar format. "Water" by
Deepa Metha didn't do this, but then she wasn't a member of the class
who she sought her movie to educate about. This is likely healthy. The
slice-of-life phenomenon or the movies about normal meaningless living
of normal meaningless people are ridiculous. At least at the end of
these minority flicks there is a message of hope. Furthermore conflict
is the life-blood of every story. Does this make conflict good? Well,
maybe. But it certainly makes it human.

In some sense the movie was a coming of age film, which really interests
me all the more. Coming of age films are always about conflict, usually
between self-desire and how that fails to mesh with society. In some
sense, this movie was more refreshing in that it was a coming-of-age
film about an group of people whom were atypically old. I personally
feel that I am constantly learning and changing and the idea that you
have one defining adolescence is kind of a hack job. Maybe this is true
for some people. Most films featuring similar problems with an older
crowd (say a married couple who wants to get a divorce in the 1940s but
it is taboo) tend to be much agnstier than their childhood counterparts.
Do adults truly loose this malleability of form or are they just
pretending?

Gender Exists!
