No title [85]
#############
:date: 2007-04-08 19:21
:author: Anthony Scopatz
:category: missives
:slug: 85

It was cold today in Austin. I didn't go outside at all. Instead I have
dedicated this day to hedonism and science. I finished writing up a lab
report that took me two weeks to write. I learned a lot of Mathematica
in this and probably increased my skill level from passing fair or
moderate to expert or veteran. I am still not a Mathematica super-gawd
or developer or wolfram clone.

More importantly than all of that I finally sat down and learned TeX,or
LaTeX rather. Now that I know it, it is the most indispensable piece of
software ever written. GCC and Emerge don't touch this baby. It is
absolutely clear why everyone uses it. My one complaint is that trying
to get figures to do what you want them to is a bit like teaching an ADD
child whom is also suffering from obsessive compulsive disorder. They
really want the blocks arranged in a certain position and even when you
can convince them that they look better in a different arrangement, they
still move them back to where they originally put them. But literally
everything else about writing a paper is made easier. It looks totally
professional and I can write it in nano \*GASP\*!!!

More importantly than all of that, my family just left town after coming
for Pesach. It was wonderful to have them here and now I am a bit lonely
again. Unfortunately, while my brother did make it into NYU for dance he
did not make their academic requirements. Also despite is amazing
audition for Juliard, they also declined his application. This means he
is not going to New York, yet. He did, however, make it into both the
UCLA and UCI dance schools. Many congratulations on those fronts are in
order.

My lactose free diet is going well, even though I have gone to Amy's
twice this past week. I am simply relegated to eating nothing but dark
chocolate for desert...Oh Darn! Other than that it has mostly been
vegetables and eggs since I can't really have any bread either. Carrots
are about the sexiest food in the world. Move over Cucumber. Carrots
have that nice other-worldly orange coloration and are conical. You can
bisect them with a plane (knife) and learn some math at the same time.
This all reminds me what I came on here originally to say. Doesn't it
suck when you can't even remember your wet dreams? If you are going to
go through the pain of having become that frustrated without release,
you might as well enjoy it.
