A Quick One While He's Away
###########################
:date: 2009-03-19 18:14
:author: Anthony Scopatz
:category: missives
:slug: a-quick-one-while-hes-away

Oh Hi! Haven't seen you in a while LJ. How have you been? What have you
been up to?

Me? Oh not much really...

More or less the past month was awful. Pretty much since my parental
unit left Austin (in February) has seen a near complete collapse deep in
the heart.

1. My roommate has been a wellspring of negativity of late. Normally, I
try to let him pass in me and through me for fear is mind killer. Fear
is the little death that brings total obliteration.

2. Work has nearly killed me. I know I have said this in the past. But
those times I expected to be working. I feel like I haven't gotten a
break (though I had that week in CA in February) since mid-November.

3. With a notable, apathetic exception I felt abandoned by the peeps in
the ATX. And no, I do not mean the delicious sugar coated puffy sugar
Easter-time treat.

This had two severe consequences (and a bunch of minor ones, like
stopping me from blogging):

1. I started playing WoW again. I wanted to see new content from 'Wrath
of the Lich King' but since I am leveling with a friend, I have yet to
even buy the expansion =/. But I am back on Argent Dawn. Which is sort
of surreal, but it is pretty much the way I left it.

2. I stopped sleeping. I have completely missed three nights of sleep
this week. And this is spring break! I have yet to make it up during the
time that I have been sleeping.

This paper I was writing I submitted on Sunday night. Since then, I have
had a little bit of time to try to get my house in order. From what I
can tell, it has partially worked. The friend group tension may have
settled down a bit. The roommate spigot may not be dripping my way for
the nonce. And school has settled since the mad month dash to the paper
is over.

Now I can work on rebuilding (and sleeping), rather than
self-flagellation to relieve pressure. Not that there aren't still
problems but I am looking forward and trying to put a positive spin on
things.

So I am sitting here in a coffee house that I have never been to and
trying to figure the future out. Most people have five and ten year
visionary plans. As do I. However, I think what I need is a bridge plan.
A one-and-a-half year plan, if you will. Something that will get me
through the remainder of my foreseeable tenure in Austin.

My recent feelings of abandonment brought this into (house) stark
relief. I need, need, need the kind of support that I just am not
currently getting. I have decided in some earnest to start dating again.

All attempts with online pursuits have failed, quietly. So I am gonna
have to do this the old-fashioned way. Which is fine by me. There are a
number of systematic barriers to this (working six days a week, using
Latin phrases in normal speech, et al). I feel that a many of these can
be hurdled permanently or systematically. But beyond clubbing and
returning to the cave-den forthwith, what are these ancient mechanisms?

I am going to go back to the archaic technique of getting out there,
doing activities, and generally meeting people (research permitting).
Sadly my 1.5 year plan as it stands is mostly devoid of such activities.
So I need YOUR help. Here is the applicable part of the list, please
comment and add things that you think I might enjoy doing. Specifically
things that get me closer to the sexy deviants out there.

| 1. Go on Sierra Club sponsored hikes etc.
|  2. Going to Schule more often.

Neither of these seem like real winners in the getting out there scheme
of things. But they might be help. Please I need help. I think I have
this academic problem of tending towards solitary activities. If I act,
I act scholastically. This manifestly evident by my late night research
into Sir Bedivere's heraldry. "Fly my pretty priests! Fly!"

Thoughts?
