All You Need
############
:date: 2007-07-22 20:43
:author: Anthony Scopatz
:category: missives
:slug: all-you-need

| What do you call a River Rafting guide without a girlfriend?
| Homeless.

Quite a lot has happened since I last checked in. I believe that the
last issue was about "The Godless Girl" which puts this at a full week
ago.

Rather than explain in detail the joyous occasions I had in the Bay Area
(I am anxious to talk about the juicy LA tidbits) I will sum up my
further BA travel by recounting this conversion between Kerry Prime and
I.

| Me: It seems to me that the type of people into watersports are also the type of people into watersports.
| Kerry: You really need to be around more.

Kerry also had some amusing anecdotes about Asians in the woods, but
we'll save those for another time.

Soooooooooooooooooo This weekend was amazing!

Like amazingawsomefunburgerw/cheeseLOLtehsw33tpimpmyridemtvamazing.

I went down to LA for my friend from high school Meenon's birthday
party. However, my cousin Andrew basically begged me to meet him in the
Valley before going to the party.

So I went to see Andrew and friends. It also happened to be Twiny's
Birthday. Twiny's real name is either Kerry, Kari, or Carrie but is
known as such since she is effectively Mowi's twin. I had never met her
before yesterday.

It turns out Twiny is awesome and just moved out from Key Largo and owns
ferrets.

If I don't say this enough, I'll say it now and again. I really love
everyone in my cousins greater friend group. They have been good friends
and true throughout the ages.

That being said, totally calmly while we were having dinner at the
Cheesecake Factory, Kai (who was sitting across from me) asked,

"So how is Shaitan?"

I busted up laughing and then offered to settle this outside. Ok, I
lied. Kai didn't say Shaitan, but rather something quite close. (Hint:
It wasn't Shaihulud)

Unfortunately because of the Twiny festivities, I did not get to
socialize with Kari (Andrew's new attachment) as much as I was hoping /
planning.

Meenon's party was most righteous and filled with hedonistic delights
Shaitan would have been proud of. I partook.

Now, The real reason for this post.

I was so happy this visit to LA. There was so much love and warmth that
flowed through people among both, rather disparate groups. The
similarities were staggering and fulfilling. The old friends had nothing
lost between us and the new friends gains were so subtly accepted that
there was no, none, Zero awkwardness between us after the initial
introduction. I felt totally at ease with these newcomers even though I
know nothing about them.

Now here is what I noticed. Both of these groups are also a lot more
tactile than either the Bay Area or Texas crowd and certainly more so
than the ever distant Santa Barbara crowd.

I think all of the touching and hugging and dancing and wrestling has a
lot to do with this.

To be utterly fair, my first hug with Twiny was somewhat awkward.
However, when I had to leave early from \*her\* b-day celebrations to go
to my other engagement, Twiny got up and gave me an enthusiastic hug on
her own volition. It was clear my presence was appreciated even by
someone who had only gotten into town weeks before.

Also Kai started to undress me in the Cheesecake Factory. This was
superseded only by where I was undressed later that evening ^\_-
