Bitter, Then Not, Repeat
########################
:date: 2006-10-30 23:43
:author: Anthony Scopatz
:category: missives
:slug: bitter-then-not-repeat

So this weekend was a pretty little rollercoaster one. I felt really
down on friday because I work had basicly eaten my soul the week before.
Friday was much better though because I met this group of people calling
themselves the Austin Cosplay Defense Force. And low and behold most of
them were women! Huzzah!

So life was good and then came Saturday basicly sucked the lifeout of
me. I played HackMaster in the mornign and tried to convince the post
office not to send back my package to Houston for the second time to no
avail. Then I went and hung out with Seekatz and Robin and Patrick and
had an OK time but was still very stressed and tired and lost what could
have been my first win at scrabble. The only truly good thing to happen
was that we went to Dragon's Landing and I \*was\* going to blow the 50
bucks on the "Game of Thrones" RPG. However, they where closed and I
kept my money in my moment of weakness.

Sunday was another story. Sunday, October 29th, was Syd's Birthday. It
is funny how some dates stick with you. Instead of this being an
all-to-gether negative day, though I had originally planned it as such,
I choose over the High Holy Days to pursue an as of then unthought of
positive path and at that time pursued it. I was still left with a
feeling of axiety. However, there was a Record (LP. Vinal, etc.)
Convention on Sunday and I went. I spent the money I didn't spend on a
silly RPG book on buying records. Mostly I bought a lot of Zappa and
Zappa related material, but I spent a fair amount collecting things that
I missed from Syd's modest collection. Also on Sunday, as some of you
may have noticed, I put `my website`_ back on the intar-web-net. This
involved putting it on my new old machine. I also in this process threw
out the old iMac that Syd's parents gave me that I was running my site
on formerly. I also went to Ross and bought some black socks in the
stead my white gym ones. Sunday was very much a day when I replaced
things in my life Syd related and thereby replaced her and all-in-all
was a positive experiance.

But Then! Today I woke up and wanted to die and then went and worked for
12 hours.

Tomorrow is a new day.

.. _my website: http://www.scopatz.com/
