DTWOF
#####
:date: 2008-12-17 02:04
:author: Anthony Scopatz
:category: missives
:tags: (a||b)whof***s(a||b||a&amp;b), +5, argentiniancowboys, bothflamingandhot, caith, duncanidaho, idontlikeitbecauseitispopular, peoplechangenawtheydont

It has been a while in coming, but here is my review of `*The Essential*
Dykes to Watch Out For`_ (DTWOF) by Alison Bechdel.

As a child (9ish-12ish) I distinctly remember reader my mother's copy of
a previous compilation. I recalled it being interesting but more or less
a Lesbian soap opera. Which it is. Now don't get me wrong, I grew up
watching soap operas. I like them, especially the ones with a more
comedic bent. Which DTWOF also is. [As an aside my favor with soaps
probably stems from the same neurons that enjoy epic stories with long
complicated plots].

But it is more than a Lesbian Soap! It certainly functions on that
level, but as a kid I totally missed all of the commentary and debate
that goes on. Ms Bechdel certainly has her own beliefs that come
through. But through all of the various characters a lot of opinions get
expressed about every subject with relative objectivity. Like in real
life, nothing is ever 'solved' or 'decided'. But while reading it I kept
thinking, "I've had this conversation! I have had this argument! I have
felt this way."

Since the comic has been written every couple of weeks since 1987, each
strip is deeply entrenched in its own temporalness. It is beautifully
morose document of American/Lesbian political culture from the initial
AIDS crisis through the disillusioned Clinton years onto 9/11 and the
following and ongoing two wars. There is that old `South Park joke`_
about how Cancer is now the sympathy disease, making AIDS funny. DTWOF
emotionally doubles down and covers both with pure seriousness. In light
of our more irreverent demons, this is impressive.

Now before I go any further, I want to make sure that you understand
that DTWOF is very, *very* funny. Seeing the old hat Lesbians tackle
with the conservative republican Lesbian is a hoot. Not to mention the
Jewish man who is more of a dyke than his bisexual girlfriend. But a
significant portion of the humor is well-placed background puns and
opportune Shakespeare and Talking Heads quotes. Repeating them wouldn't
do them justice.

At first glance it is tempting to say that the main character Mo is the
author mies-en-scene. This might even be to first approximation true.
However, after learning something about Ms Bechdel herself, the
comparison seems less meaningful. Yes, Mo may have stepped out of Good
Ole Alison's shoes. However, she took of running to different 5k marks.

Which brings me to another point about the naming schema used. I know
about the Law of Conservation of Names. Mo's girlfriend was named
Sydney; eerie... Bisexual-stealing boyfriend named Stuart, anyone? How
about one of the main character's being named Toni (Lord help you if you
know anyone by \*that\* name though!).

Mo was very identifiable. At least to me. Maybe 'Our Heroine' was meant
to be that way, but there was just too much to ignore safely. Smart, but
not quite the intellectual cut, plagued by the worlds problems there
isn't much she can do about, goes through long celibate streaks, cuts
friends off when they lose her trust, Democracy Now obsessed, basically
monogamous as a risk prevention strategy, likes girls with boy cuts and
fetishes, and values her privacy. Yes, our heroine rings many bells. But
then again, maybe I am projecting.

Still, DTWOF provoked me to think; never a bad state of affairs.

There was a time when we were developing `the Mark profile`_ that
`leximancer`_ said something like "There is nothing that makes Mark gay.
**He just fucks boys.**" He was right and we fixed it. But still it took
me back. That same concept, that being a Lesbian nowadays is a different
thing than being biological female and having a strong gender sexuality
preference to other females, is repeated and struggled with by the
different characters throughout DTWOF.

But this brings us to an important point in our
Straight-Until-Proven-Otherwise culture. The analogous contra positive
is that maybe, just maybe, you be a guy who fucks girls or a girl who
fucks guys without being straight. Maybe you can fuck both girls and
guys with impunity without being Bisexual. You don't have to buy into
the culture identity that surrounds the gender preference.

Now it has been said (by ex-patriot Idahoans) that I am their gayest
friend in Austin. I certainly wouldn't deny it. But not because I
associate with the with Gay or Straight culture. If anything I associate
with Lesbian culture (but you'd have to know my mother to understand
that one).

Lois in DTWOF, upon finding out that Stuart has a habit of dating women
who then turn out to be Lesbians says, "Jeeze, what is with those guys?"
I wish I freaking knew.

Duly prompted, I am renouncing the "Straight" tag. I don't think it
really describes me. I am now (and likely have always been) the
quainter, more direct "boy who fucks girls". I think that there are
enough criticisms out there of Straight (and Male) culture in the milieu
that I need not provide examples.

Maybe I am crazy (You Decide?), but I think this makes sense. I dropped
the "Nerd" tag with 90%+ success. I think it helps me define who I am a
lot better. And who knows, maybe it will even help me find a meaningful
relationship again. `And maybe she'll even be Jewish.`_ And then we
might even make a symbolic affirmation of our commitment to one another.
That's right, we'll open a joint checking account (0xDTWOF#7)!

But I get ahead of myself...

.. _*The Essential* Dykes to Watch Out For: http://www.dykestowatchoutfor.com/index.php
.. _South Park joke: http://www.southparkstudios.com/guide/602/
.. _the Mark profile: http://www.scopatz.com/projects/okc/
.. _leximancer: http://leximancer.livejournal.com/
.. _And maybe she'll even be Jewish.: http://jeffreygoldberg.theatlantic.com/archives/2008/12/tanehisi_coates.php
