Enigma Network
##############
:date: 2008-06-12 22:30
:author: Anthony Scopatz
:category: missives
:tags: iamclearlynotdoingsomethingright
:slug: enigma-network

Mystery/Detective novels were originally called "enigma novels". The
distinctly British term was then used to describe the cipher machines of
the Nazis during World War II.

Amazingly, I brought a lone book with me on this 3 month journey from
home. This is the "Cyberculture Studies" book that I picked up a bit
ago. Cyberspace is a bit of an enigma itself. It is both democratizing
and exclusive. It is a broadcast framework with individualized content.

Part of the book develops a healthy description of how our current
society is developing into increasingly segregated, interdependent,
warring parts. These parts are the exclusive networked peoples, those
retaining the post-industrial lifestyle common, and the poor/criminal.

The networked folk lead essentially a self-similar life. Their many jobs
require them to be highly transient. Thus they exist nowhere in terms of
permanent homes. But the places were they are become similar to one
another to provide them with the illusion of home. I wish I could say
that this did not resonate.

As the applied physicist of social theory, knowing this isn't
meaningful unless empirically tested. Real rigor is left to the experts
and those with funding. But backyard experimentation is top shelf of
those waxing natural philosophic. Thus here is my abstract.

***At least half of the stories in "The Game" by Neil Strauss are likely
outright lies. However, the analogy between cybercultural networks and
that of interpersonal sexual networks is not unfounded. Relationship
culture is highly networked. Furthermore, there is a large portion of
the population that exists outside of this network (parallel to the poor
and post-industrial). Even though the structure of the system is self
supporting nodes, individuals exhibit strong taste which narrows them
from the group as a whole (personalized content). Even cornerstone
concepts such as anonymity in cyberculture can apply in the meatspace of
relationships. Thus knowing that I am "in" the cybernetwork but not
within the relationship network, analogous tools should allow me access
to this sphere as well. In other words, social engineering at the
relationship level is possible through cybernetic parallels in
combination with the interpersonal social group tools developed on my
friends.***

All of this really only serves to get me more ass, which is truly what
it is all about. Some proof of concept work is clearly apparent with the
OK Cupid work. I must become more enigmatic in my personality.  I have
gotten fairly good at reading people with a small amount of
observation.  **Thus I think a good first strategy is to read people and
then alter my personality to one that I know the other person implicitly
desires, before they catch on to what I am doing.  This creates new
nodes and flows in the relationship network.**  I guess you will have to
trust that I won't be nefarious in my methods. Nice guys finish last,
but that doesn't imply that bad guys *always* finish first.
