Epistemology, Sexual Identity, & Operating Systems
##################################################
:date: 2011-01-16 13:41
:author: Anthony Scopatz
:slug: epistemology-sexual-identity-operating-systems

It has been five weeks since my last post.  In general, they were not an
easy five weeks, but `The Hacker Within`_ `Software Carpentry`_ Bootcamp
just wrapped up.  Thanks to all of the lovely, sexy, intelligent people
involved!

Greg Wilson, of Software Carpentry, gave an amazing plenary session
where he described the state of scientific computing.  The conclusion
was that anecdotally things are very bad, because everyone believes that
scientists are anywhere near as effective as they could be with
computers.  (Let alone the number of computer scientists who can not
develop software.)

Greg points out that things are worse than this because we are not even
taking quantitative data about how far behind most people are.  Worse
still, we largely don't know what the right metrics are, because
measuring practical education level is hard.

So with out being too cynical, we don't know what we don't know **and**
we don't know how to find out.  (There are some caveats, and things
might be improving, but let's not be too hopeful.)  Greg (and now I, as
well) hunger for quantitative data on this subject.  Philosophy plus
experimentally determined numbers equals science, and now we are getting
somewhere.

At the symphony tonight, this situation struck me as analogous to almost
every issue I could dream up.  For instance, this has a fractal effect
in science.  Say you measure the temperature, you don't really know the
value unless it has some associated error (fractal depth: 1).  But then
how are you sure that the error is correct (fractal depth: 2+).

Still, the most intriguing corollary is \ **sexual identity**\  (or how
one expresses one's self by who one is attracted to).

I cannot classify who I am attracted to.  No matter what I do, there
always seems to be an exception to any rule I lay down.  (I'll spare you
the juicy details.)  However, if you show me someone, or if I interact
with someone, I can come up with a decision on whether the subject at
hand 'does it' for me or not.  Moreover, I have no idea how to go about
determining a suitable sexy-to-Anthony metric, since all prior attempts
have failed.  The concept seems fuzzy.

So similarly, to a software developer, give me a person and their code
and I can tell you if I think they are good or not.  Yet, I find the
abstract task hard, unsatisfying, and probably a waste of time.

Let's take the sexual identity analogy one step further.  If we were to
sex operating systems, we would probably say that Windows more male, and
Mac OS X is more female. Of course, what we are doing here is actually
making a woman/man gender assignment.

**This makes Linux transgendered!**

Unfortunately, the analogy breaks down when you start to talk about
solutions in these two spaces.  Gender bias probably won't be solved (in
the short term) simply by decreasing the market share of the major
players.  Additionally, unless you are Richard Stallman, you aren't just
born an open-source-sexual.

I think most people are forced to believe simply because it collapses
their information entropy to zero.  Sadly, I don't know how to break
them of this habit, or even if I should.

.. _The Hacker Within: http://hackerwithin.org/thw/
.. _Software Carpentry: http://software-carpentry.org
