Exodus Reality
##############
:date: 2011-01-30 14:15
:author: Anthony Scopatz
:tags: exodus, picsoritdidnthappen
:slug: exodus-reality

`Shit has gotten real in Egypt.`_

The typical commentary about democracy, Tunisia, Wikileaks, and
ElBaradei (a personal hero of mine) is available elsewhere.  Here I will
try to give you the anarcho-cyber-feminist take.

The revolution should succeed for all of the reasons
people generally think that it should (populist, anti-corruption, public
empowerment).  Moreover, the reasons people generally feel that it
should fail (instability, lack of a powerful replacement, uncertain
postpartum relations with the US and Israel, formation of religious
rather than secular state) are quickly disappearing.

However, what is striking about affair from an information age
perspective is not what inspired the demonstrations or how the
government tried to prevent them.  What is absolutely incredible is that
despite the government's attempt to create a digital wasteland in their
own country, they have effectively failed.

It is true that large swaths of the people do not have internet or
mobile access.  But even if 1 in 1000 people figure out a way to
semi-consistently, tweet this appears to be enough.  News is flowing
into, out of, and internally to the country.

Consider if the same thing were to happen in the US, where the populous
is generally more technically capable.  The degree of revolutionary
organization would likely be much higher.  The road to revolution is
likely paved with ham radios and shadow networks.  It is a historical
irony that the US military's gift to the world of TCP/IP is now being
used in an open source way as a tool against another government's
regime.

As with every revolution, both the replaced and the revolutionary must
question what the overthrow buys.  Was the pain worth the price?

If one looks at gender relations in Egypt (not a subject on which I am
an expert), I do not think that much will change.  The suffrage proof is
in the suffering's pudding.  In all of the footage I have not seen a
single female protester.

This is not to say that there are not any, or perhaps maybe I simply
missed them.  Still, this is an Egyptian man's revolution.   Naturally,
I don't claim to understand all of the subtleties going on here.  (Maybe
mothers are urging their sons to go out and protest...)  Relatively
speaking, Egypt has been fairly progressive on women's rights.  Thus a
male-lead revolution is cause for concern.  I doubt that the Egyptians
social policy will regress.  However, I am not holding out hope for
vast improvements coming out of recent events either.

Contrast Egypt with imagery from the Tunisian revolution where women are
clearly present.  This discrepancy may be due to the Egyptian situation,
by all accounts, being more dangerous and the police using greater
amounts of force.  Still, history shows that agency is something that
one must fight for.  Though I can not rightly say what I would do if I
were an Egyptian woman, I urge them all to go out and get while the
getting is good!

.. _Shit has gotten real in Egypt.: http://www.democracynow.org/2011/1/28/uprising_in_egypt_this_is_the
