FEEL MY GOM JABBAR
##################
:date: 2007-07-05 10:07
:author: Anthony Scopatz
:category: missives
:slug: feel-my-gom-jabbar

| What is wrong with this country is that when given the choice more
people in this country would rather talk about the draft than breasts.
|  --Penn Jillette

So I went and walked around the river where the fireworks were held last
night for the 4th of July. Initially I went just to do some data
collection about the populous of this "great" state. I figured it would
be a good opportunity to see a good cross-section of society here.

Everyone is American; everyone like watching shit git blown up. (On a
side note I was likely the only person in the country and therefore the
world listening to Nightwish while watching fireworks last night and it
was a blast!)

The data collection was useful. but nothing that you couldn't really
guess with the exception that I saw about 6% Asian females. I saw no
Asian descendant males. The fun part is what I started doing next.

I decided to start staring directly into peoples eyes as I walked by. If
they held my gaze I would try to stare them down as long as they were
within sight. Here is what I learned:

Most people didn't even notice that you were looking at them. Most
people who noticed would quickly look away or flicker their eyes in a
different direction.

Of those few who would hold your gaze most were female. Of the men that
would hold, almost all would not go out of their way. They would stare
at me back only as long as it was convenient. Some of the women however,
would move their head and follow me to keep looking. These women went
out of their way to lock eyes. Sometimes they (the women) would be
seamlessly be carrying on a conversation while doing this. I was
impressed.

Not to degrade men too wholly in this exercise, there was one guy who
was amazing. He was standing in one place but was doing the same thing I
was! When our eyes met we both held steady until I was almost past at
which point we both realized what the other was doing. He smiled and
gave the canonical "sup" head nod. I smirked and responded with a head
jerk of my own. That man is deserving of praise.

The funny thing about this that I noticed is that man who had were
either hanging on fly babes or had their ilk clinging to them were more
likely to return the stare. However, they would also very nervously look
away almost immediately. I can't deny that this wasn't pleasurable.

Lest you think I was only picking on those weaker than me I tried to
stare down people larger and stronger than me. I even starred down a
cop. He was pussyfooting around the business I was bringing to his
table. I am certain that in a different situation this defender of law's
personality would have shown through a bit more.

If this were any measurement of humanity, most people would have failed.

Of course this wasn't a fair test since they did not know they were
being tested.

Find a big crowd sometime and try this. It is fun.

I am sure there are many theories for this behavior, but I won't go into
them. My purpose is to gain an intuition about people's behavior in
order to psuedo-predict it in the future.

Another data point, another link in the thought process.
