First Night in Austin
#####################
:date: 2006-08-13 14:16
:author: Anthony Scopatz
:category: missives
:slug: first-night-in-austin

Ok so Here is the deal: I have just gotten to Austin and on the drive
out here I decided that I would like to start a new LJ and hopefully it
won't take the bitter tatse th old one did nor will it end as
catastrophiclly as the old one. In any event, since this seems to be
passing around, I thought I'd fill it out.

THE UNCOMFORTABLE SURVEY. (lets see if you can get through it. if not,
you're too scared about your past)

-Longest relationship: 2 and a half years

-Shortest relationship: Kerry V., a quarter and a half.

-How many boyfriends/girlfriends have told you that they love you?: At
least 2, no more than 4

-Have you ever thought that you were going to marry the person you were
with?: No, Hell No

-Have you ever loved someone so much that it hurt?: No, these emotions
don't really work together with me. If I am hurting because of somewhere
then I love them less...I think.

-Have you ever made a boyfriend or girlfriend cry?: All of them.

-Have you ever cried over a boyfriend or girlfriend?: Yes, but the tears
were lost in the dust.

-Are you happier single or in a relationship?: I am definitely satiated
in a relationship in a way that I am not outside of one. Also, when not
in near constant sexually overtoned physical contact I am put in a bad
humour. Some, I daresay most, relationships are not happy.

-Have you ever cheated on a boyfriend or girlfriend?: Nope.

-Have you ever been cheated on?: Oh Definitely. It seems to be a pattern
in fact.

-What is your favorite thing about the opposite sex?: Estrogen

-What is your favorite thing about the same sex?: Comraderie

-Have you ever had your heart broken?: Yes and it as driven me to drink

-Have you ever broken someones heart?: I think so, In fact I think the
only time people walked away relatively satisfied was Kerry Moore. If
not That was definelty the best.

-Talk to any of your exes?: People named Kerry haved turned out top be
top of their class. From their respective schools they are some of the
only people I keep in contact with from said schools. Dionne; No. Jessie
I contacted every once and a while for 4 years or so but we have
basiclly fell off by now. I hope she is allright. Sydney I trust will
get her just returns. If not by me then by something else. I wish I
could say I do not ever intend to talk to her again.

-If you could go back in time and change things to where you could still
be with one of your exes, would you?: Hard to say. Probably not.

-Think any of your exes feel the same way?: Yes I'd say they all would
answer about how I did.

-Do you believe that you are a good boyfriend or girlfriend?: I think I
have a good foundation. I have had enough Experiance to know who I am
and what I what out of a relationship, and when to cut it off, and what
my faults are and how to manage them. I tell every new person all of
this very early on. But I have found that even knowing and accepting and
haing had the other person know and accept does not mean that the
relationship will be successful. If the other party does not know
themselves nor how to change themselves as needed then it is ultimately
doomed. Furthermore these qualities are typically deeply covered up by
the other party.

-Have you dated people who were not good to you?: Yes but only Dionne
and Syndey. Dionne I only suspect.

-Have you been in an abusive relationship?: Not physically.

-Name your most memorable ex: The one I most remember is naturally
Sydney; The most memorable is Jessie.

-Have you dated someone older then you?: Yes. by about a year.

-Younger? Yes. by about a year.

-Do you regret anything that you have done with a boyfriend or
girlfriend?: I assume this means physically. So no. Emotionally very
much so. Once again with all of them.

-When is the last time that you were in a relationship? 4 months ago.

-Do you believe everyone deserves a second chance?: Fuck No. Especially
if you are their second chance.

-Believe in love at first sight?: I believe in hottness at first sight.

-Ever dated two people at once?: Not yet.

-Ever been given a promise ring? If this is what I think it is then yes.

-Ever been given an Engagement ring?: No

-Do you want to get married?: Undecided...The Academia makes it hard.

-Do you have something to say to any of your exes? If you are a terrible
person, or are dating a terrible person. Please contact me when you die
so I may dance on your graves when you die.

-Ever stolen someones boyfriend or girlfriend?: Nope

-Ever liked someone elses boyfriend or girlfriend?: Sure, almost all of
them. I have yet to act on such carnal desires though.

-Do you believe in true love?: If true means true, unadultered romance
then yes, but only in the short term.

-Does heartbreak really feel as bad as it sounds?: Must kill......
