[Flipside: 3] Radical X
#######################
:date: 2009-05-26 14:07
:author: Anthony Scopatz
:category: missives
:tags: bothflamingandhot, caith, doyouhaveadorsalfin?, totallydisillusionedwithstraightmalehood
:slug: flipside-3-radical-x

As a burn event, Flipside follows out of `some basic principles`_. Many
of these are similar to the general backpackers' credo. However, the
most interesting of these are the radical ones: Radical Inclusion,
Radical Self-Reliance, and Radical Self-Expression.

\ **Radical Inclusion:**\ 

The most self-evident of the three, the idea that anyone can participate
does not stop at the door. While joining a camp can have varying degrees
of exclusivity, everywhere is home. The inclusion principle more than
anything else makes the entire event very low pressure. Become
inebriated, or don't. No worries. If you don't like what you are
experiencing then go somewhere else. There are pretty, shiny things
everywhere!

This, as much as anything, probably serves to explain the staggering
number of Jews I met. At first glance, this would seem odd for an event
that effectively rebuilds a Golden Calf (and burns it).

\ **Radical Self-Reliance:**\ 

After Pallas, I understood that I should probably come prepared more for
something between backpacking and car camping. WRONG! Flipside is about
living more luxuriously than car camping, possibly better than you do in
your day-to-day life. Still, this backpacker mentality really sticks
with me.

\ **Radical Self-Expression:**\ 

I am very guarded normally, but I don't think I have ever felt as
expressive as at Flipside. Sean of the Dead and I were having a
conversation about how your internal monologue can just come right on
out. Just by saying what you think almost all the time, what you think
becomes so much more positive.

For me this leads to some awesome opportunities. I can drop in and out
of conversations with people I have never met. When I start my crazy
rambling, strangers come in and tell me something even stranger.

One morning while I was cleaning my breakfast plate, some girl walked by
wearing purple bikini bottoms, a fuchsia top, and was using a white sash
as a canopy to cover her eyes from the sun. I smiled at her. She said,
haltingly, "I have walked by before and seen you. You have a sweet
face." I gave her a hug and she walked off.

There is something wonderfully right with the world that this was
allowed to happen. There is something terribly wrong in that it does not
happen more often and seems relegated to Flipside.

(TAKE A BREATH)

Other than dressing as a Valkyrie and a Pirate, I did other costuming as
well. For the burn on Sunday, I picked up a reasonably tight fitting red
dress from **Glam Camp**. To this I added a string of red fairy lights
wrapped around my body. Additionally, I bummed a black mesh kerchief
from Jayme which we turned into a choker. Hawt.

(SQUEE)

The undercutting theme of the event is to `try to push and explore your
own boundaries while respecting those of everyone around you`_. Cross
dressing to this level is not something I have done in a long time. Yet,
I can't help feeling I sort of cheated since cross dressing is not
\*truly\* pushing any of my boundaries. Still, I got more exposure in
feminine garb in this dress than ever before.

The wonderful thing about it, was that the outfit itself did most the
work of turning me into a sex-object. (The dress is clearly a sex object
on its own, by design.) I got *a ton* of comments from both genders.
They were spread pretty evenly along the forwardness spectrum. Here is a
sample, in order of increasing intensity:

| "*Nice Dress.*\ "
|  "*Are you a princess?*\ " (My answer was to strike a pose.)
|  "*I love that color on you.*\ "
|  "*Hey Sexy!*\ ",
|  *etc,* you see where this is going...

Fuck, can I wear this get up every day?! I often rail against the fact
that men don't get truly sexy clothing in our culture. Maybe the
solution really just is for men to co-opt women's clothing. It was so
fucking nice to be objectified in this fashion. Certainly it would get
old as a 24/7/365 thing (Helloooo, Feminism). But even if this was just
for play-play it was super. Unfortunately, pictures are still
forthcoming.

All of the sexual aspects of dress play were neatly counter-balanced by
Noah, the 12 yro kid in the neighbouring camp. A rather effeminate boy
himself, he took to school yard teasing in a fit of cosmic irony. While
playing catch with a hacky-sack with him, Noah took to calling me
Man-Woman. This somehow developed into a super-hero/villain tag line.
"By day, Man-Woman. By Night, Still Man-Woman." It was cute; I laughed.

.. _some basic principles: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Burning_Man#Principles
.. _try to push and explore your own boundaries while respecting those of everyone around you: http://www.asofterworld.com/index.php?id=436
