[Flipside: 1] Awesome
#####################
:date: 2009-05-25 20:13
:author: Anthony Scopatz
:category: missives
:tags: doyouhaveadorsalfin?, feyd
:slug: flipside-1-awesome

Let me make this absolutely clear right now: I had an absolutely
wonderful, positively positive Burning Flipside experience. No holes
barred! (Though that doesn't mean they got filled...)

Luckily, I wrote notes every night before going to bed about what had
happened that day. The following is a very brief summary. Think of this
as a bullet point list that sets the stage for future posts.

|image0|

\ **Thursday:**\ 

Drove out to near Pedernales with my top down and the car full of
camping gear. Once at Flipside, I was greeted with the token lovely
"Welcome Home." While I was surveying the area, Ratha and Tom drove up.
We zoned our camp site. While setting up my tent, I helped them set up
Ratha's fan-fucking-tasty Yurt [shown above]. After the shade structure
was up, **Misfits Camp** was born!

After lunch I put on a pirate costume and raided **Sparkedelica**, where
most of the other people I knew coming in were camped. Once there, I
took off the ridiculously hot leather jerkin and was wandering around in
my flow-ey pants. A 72 yro man named Douglas (Burn name: Eternity)
wandered into the Sparkadelica lounge in the heat of the day. He and I
ended up doing *Acrobatic Yoga* [shown below].

|image1|

Went and had dinner with the Misfits. From the heat and not having eaten
a lot that day, I managed to get drunk on two glasses of Cabernet
Sauvignon at 8:30 in the evening. Yikes! I walked Ratha partially to her
volunteer greeter shift. Saw Leigh and Sunshine on the way and they led
me to Sparkadelica. Once there, I announced, "Hello Sparkadelica, I'm
Drunk!"

I spent the next couple of hours dancing off my buzz in the laser show
in the Sparkadelica lounge. Completely sober, Georgia-based Lauren and
Rowan and I went down to look at the creek at night. I heckled people
the whole way. Hilarious.

Wandered around after that and noticed how much awesome sound there was
everywhere. Went to sleep.

\ **Friday:**\ 

Tom and Rathta and I spend the better part of the morning hanging out at
the **Temple of the Steaming Pot**. Yeah for free coffee! Also, **Obik**
had some amazing home-made sarsaparilla.

Nakia and Jason (Nakia's friend from Madison) show up. Jason is as cool
as Nakia talked him up to be.

I bounce around a lot today. I spend the majority of the afternoon
dressed as a Valkyrie learning to spin poi, Awesome.

It was my night to cook so I made my car camping favourite:
Build-Your-Own-Burritos. I forgot one thing the entire trip, and thus
our burritos had no Cholula. Damn.

I eat more at dinner this night and don't get drunk. I bounce around a
lot at night too. At one point I meet up with the Sparks at the camp
**Ish**. I give Jayme a piggy back ride out.

Nakia and Jason and I spend hours talking outside of the Misfits camp. I
go to sleep at like 3 am.

\ **Saturday:**\ 

Today is Martin's (a Misfit) birthday

Assume the Position: I am a good sport and get my tushy paddled at
**Slap That Ass Camp**.

Jason, Tom, and I get coffee in the morning again. I hang around Misfits
until after lunch and they are about to start their pick-up D&D 4th Ed.
game.

I hang up my hammock and let Jayme chill on it and we have a really
great conversation.

I wander around and go down to the creek. There I see a bunch of Sparks
in what amounts to a hippie soup and decide not to swim. I catch Ian
from **KFLIP**, the Flipside Radio station. We decide to leave the creek
area right before the flash flood!

I help KFLIP hold down some of their shade structures during the storm.
Then I rush over to Sparkedelica to help them secure the lounge against
the rain. After the lounge is mostly safe, I head out into the storm in
nothing but my breezy pants.

Wet and cold, I make my way back to the driest place in Flipside:
Ratha's Yurt! There a bunch of us take humid shelter and play a game of
Munchkin which Ratha wins [shown below]. We then play the most tense
game of "Last Night on Earth" with Gallows and Penitent John.

|image2|

The night is very clear and I am very sober. I spend the evening with
Ratha, Tom, and Jason and we see a rad Tesla coil music performance.
This was also my first climb up the effigy.

\ **Sunday:**\ 

I help Ratha and Tom pack up and leave. I hang out with Jason and Nakia
most of the day and night.

During the day, we go over to **Glam Camp** and pick out clothes for
later.

It rains briefly. I weather it in the hunkered down Sparkedelica lounge.
Afterwards, I help them reassemble for the night's festivities.

I have dinner with the Misfits + Nakia. Conversation flows naturally. I
go to the bathroom and return to find that all of my camp mates deserted
in the 10 minutes I was gone. I eventually find some of them.

Assume the Position: I am a good sport and get my tushy paddled at
**Slap That Ass Camp**. I get a piece of watermelon for my efforts.

Due to a burn-ban, the effigy *was not* burned. However, something
cooler happened. They did a spin show in front of it, lit off 500 pounds
of fireworks within 20 feet of me, and then I got to help pull the
effigy down! Coolest thing ever!

I wander around with Nakia and Jason but loose them at Ish when I start
talking with someone and then fall asleep on their sweet,
sound-activated, bench chair things. I find them again later at the
Temple of the Steaming Pot.

We wander up to Sparkedelica and then I go back to Misfits and fall
asleep.

\ **Monday:**\ 

Wake up, Pack up, and get outta there.

Rudely shocked back to reality when a rude man in a Porsche yells at me
for walking too slowly in the cross walk on my way to Wheatsville. I
give him a tiny piece of my mind. Austin is a really great city to live
in, but it is still a city.

.. |image0| image:: http://lh3.ggpht.com/_KFdIKJVlj1w/Shs6_BwjDjI/AAAAAAAAA4g/5Uo4BOm8SyM/s400/MisfitsCamp04.JPG
.. |image1| image:: http://lh6.ggpht.com/_KFdIKJVlj1w/Shs602wjaqI/AAAAAAAAA2w/GTwzDzejOiU/s400/AcroYoga2.JPG
.. |image2| image:: http://lh5.ggpht.com/_KFdIKJVlj1w/Shs7Bho_TzI/AAAAAAAAA48/nu-QWYeUNbQ/s400/YurtRain1.JPG
