[Flipside: 4] Sparka de Misfit
##############################
:date: 2009-05-27 16:05
:author: Anthony Scopatz
:category: missives
:tags: doyouhaveadorsalfin?
:slug: flipside-4-sparka-de-misfit

\ **NOTE:**\  This is an exploratory post that I am trying to rush out
quickly. I am trying to make it very clear what is happening in my head.
I welcome your input and comments.

\ **CONFLICT:**\  I am in love with two camps and I don't quite know
what to do for next year.

Naturally, **Sparkadelica** is an amazing group of people and I am
honored to be even peripherally part of their organization this time
out. Next year, I have been invited to join full on.

As a founding member of the **Misfits**, I am stunned at how well known
we were and what we managed to pull together inside a week. Next year
could surely be even better.

Hmmm what to do? I have a year to figure this out...

\ **ARGUMENTS FOR SPARKADELICA, AGAINST MISFITS:**\  Basically, the
Sparks are an awesome set with a lot of love and some superb group art
projects that I would have an absolute blast participating in. The
mutant vehicle, balloon temple and sign are all great works that I would
enjoy adding my piece to.

Additionally, joining would allow me to sleep up on the Playa and eat
the Spakadelica food and generally be more coordinated with this
fantastic set of people.

The Misfits, as the name implies, could (though it is unlikely) be
significantly less coordinated. Especially when it comes to communal
meals (which I am frankly not big on).

\ **ARGUMENTS FOR MISFITS, AGAINST SPARKADELICA:**\  Yurts.

Aside from Yurts, I \*really\* jive with the idea of giving a home to
the homeless. I did not join Sparkadelica because I did not meet the
requirements in time. I fully understand and agree with why Ant made the
decisions about Spark exclusivity that he did. I respect him for
sticking to these rules and being very upfront about them. However, the
Misfits are / should be on the opposite of the spectrum with regards to
this. If someone doesn't have a camp, or for whatever reason can't join
the camp they want, they should have a place to go. As long as they
aren't an asshole. *Radical Inclusion*.

The Misfits were there for me in my time of need, I strongly feel like I
should help pass this new tradition down.

The Misfits were also a wonderful, spectacular group of people. We were
also more evenly spread out. The only age group not represented by us
this time were children. And that was probably for the best.

Also, I would not have to sleep up on the Playa if I wasn't with
Sparkedleica. I am sorry, but those generators bothered me a lot. There
was a guy, Stray from **Ish**, who camped out alone near us, far from
his camp. When he went to try to sleep, he wanted to actually sleep.

Also, I overheard someone in Sparkadelica say that they might be getting
to large and may try to limit growth. But that could just be hearsay.
And Sparkadelica would benefit since their overflow could come down and
join us, no questions asked!

\ **CURRENT RESOLUTION:**\  Obviously, there is still a lot of time to
try to figure it this out and many things may change. Who knows?

But what I think I am going to try to do at this point is join both
camps. I'll pay dues, attend meetings, help with set-up and tear down
for everyone.

At the end of the day, I would probably put my tent down with Misfits
(so I could sleep). And this sneaky plan is dependent on both camp leads
being copacetic with the idea. However, I feel like it would be a cruel
joke to make me choose between two fucking sweet groups of people. The
whole idea is that you should do what ever has a positive impact.
Participating formally with both sets would net me the most.

Such is the problem with having a truly awesome first Flipside
experience...

Please, Please, Please, no one take this the wrong way. Ideas?
