Forgotten Film Rant #8
######################
:date: 2008-11-25 01:53
:author: Anthony Scopatz
:category: missives
:tags: forgottenfilmfriday, gundamisn'tfree, ssp2, switzerland, totallydisillusionedwithstraightmalehood
:slug: forgotten-film-rant-8

So this past week was rather busy, and so I didn't get to watch a proper
movie. However I did finish a Gundam mini-series (more on this later).

Basically, I had an excellent weekend. I even got to hang out with Naole
and Melody and Anthony and Robin for a bit on Friday night. And rather
than being watching them play Halo, I derailed the conversation to being
educated about deviants. This led to my favorite quote of the weekend
which made the comparison between religious rites and orgasms. Sure,
most of them are faked but it is the ones that aren't that make all the
trying worthwhile.

(And if you have never heard my thoughts on male orgasms, you are in for
a treat with that conversation.)

For whatever reason, I almost cried multiple times this weekend. I
almost never almost cry, and even more rarely actually do. So clearly my
emotions were running on high. But the last time is the one you get to
hear about.

**`Mobile Suit Gundam 0080: A War in the Pocket (1989)`_:** Right, I
know totally lame to tear up at a Gundam. But let me explain.

"War in the Pocket" was the first Gundam not to be directed by Tomino,
and rather than focusing on the Science Fiction aspect of things, it
really is a coming-of-age tale during wartime. It takes place on the
Side 6 Colony (the Switzerland of Space) where both sides are running
covert operations. That is until things get messy.

The story focuses on a Mobile Suit obsessed 10 yro boy Al who is rather
immature for his age. He takes the first opportunity he can to befriend
Bernie, the Not-A-Char of the series, whose MS gets shot down near his
house. The obvious conflict ensues when it is revealed that Al's next
door neighbor and older-sister-figure Chris is a Federation Forces Pilot
(Allies analogy, to the literal Zeon Axis). Naturally, Chris and Bernie
become the softest of paramours with out them really knowing that they
fight for opposite sides.

However, "War in the Pocket" really shines in the way it abandons all of
the standard Gundam tropes. In general the pace is a ton slower than you
have come to expect. And sure, Burnie is ridiculously blond, supposed to
be a newtype, occasionally wears sunglasses,and fights for the Zeon, but
that is about where the comparison with Char ends. He never ever in his
backstory or in the series shoots down even a single mobile suit. He is
basically a failure. Also he lies to impress Al, a lot.

Moreover, the whole narrative progresses without any main character ever
dying or even getting close, in the grand scheme of things. You come to
expect an ending closer to Miyazaki than Tomino. This makes the ending
especially heartbreaking. They sort of stick the knife into you.

But then they twist it around a bit. There is a soul crushing moment
where an injured Chris informs Al that she is being transferred back to
Earth. But then she gives him a prolonged kiss on the cheek. The framing
and timing of this scene is perfect and I about lost it.

The only thing I can compare it to is "The Hunchback of Notre Dame" (the
book). The ending was that well done. I really give props to the
director for doing and succeeding at something different. I started off
not liking it at all, but by the end I was fully on board. Right in time
for him to toss me back into the sea!

.. _`Mobile Suit Gundam 0080: A War in the Pocket (1989)`: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gundam_0080
