G00gle is pretty impressive, so I won't start with a Dune joke.
###############################################################
:date: 2007-06-16 14:01
:author: Anthony Scopatz
:category: missives
:slug: g00gle-is-pretty-impressive-so-i-wont-start-with-a-dune-joke

After less than 24 hours, a Google search on "Dune Jokes" had brought up
the last post as the third hit! Crazy, huh?

Unfortunately this will probably go away since I locked this post today.
I had originally intended it to be “friends only readable” since there
was some possibly sensitive material in there. I realized I hadn't after
I had left the library.

Yesterday's post was not all inclusive as I wanted to keep it to one
topic. I think this town is so suppressed that some very odd things
happen here. It is a matter of observing them as odd. While strolling
down various byways on the way to/from a bookstore, Two (2) things
happened:

1) A repeat of the “Cheese grater” incident. Two youths were riding down
the sidewalk towards me. Female on point and male behind. As the 16 yro
boy passed me on my right, he said, with great clarity of purpose in a
voice only the three of us were sure to hear,

“GOOOOOOOOONADS”

If only there had been a leather couch or chair or even an ottoman
around, I would be rolling on it.

2) A man (if you can call such a degraded beast that) rode past me from
behind. He was dressed as a hot dog and was riding a Vespa. To top it
off he had a sign on is back that I could clearly read as he rode off
into the sunset that simply said “DOG”. You know, just in case.

At the Bookstore I picked up “Chapterhouse: Dune”, which is the last FH
Dune book I have to read (I missed it before somehow). It turns out that
I must be somewhat Atredies. My prediction a couple of posts ago about
the Israeli's secretly being Bene Gesserit is completely true. Just by
another name.

It turns out that throughout all of the crap that happens in the Dune
universe that Jews have survived and have formed a secret society that
they even the Bene Gesserit are not allowed to speak about.

What is more future Jews have their own Other Memories, have mastered
pain, can have sex with Honored Matres and not become slaves (the only
others in the Dune universe that can do this are Kwisatz Haderachs in
waiting can do), and they have their own separate breeding program. Of
course many of them are also Mentats and Suk doctors. Moreover, from
what I know right now, they can do all of this without Melange!

I love being a Jew! Even in a fake future.

Things I am currently contemplating: Ariel, Ana wrote emailed me this
week (twice), and Miss “Green Sweatshirt” Allison from Wheatsville just
called me and told me she has started reading the book I lent her and
that she is no longer working at Wheatsville.

Someday the pieces will fit together.

| How many Bene Gesserit does it take to screw in a light bulb?
|  One to screw it in and 400,000,000 to have bred the right bulb to be
able to screw into many sockets at once. What's more it is screwed in a
generation early!
|  Caveat: Thomas Edison was Greek and Fought in the Trojan war.
