Genderfuck and Me -or- Do You Know What the Queers are Doing to Our Soil?!
##########################################################################
:date: 2009-08-19 20:30
:author: Anthony Scopatz
:category: missives
:tags: (a||b)whof***s(a||b||a&amp;b), +5, bothflamingandhot, caith
:slug: genderfuck-and-me-or-do-you-know-what-the-queers-are-doing-to-our-soil

This is the most important post I will make this year, so read up!

    `**Genderfuck:**`_ The act of acquiring sexual dimorphic traits that
    are not of one's own gender for the express purpose of parody. Ex.
    Women wearing fake moustaches; Men with breasts, *et al*.

I was recently introduced to the (formal) idea of genderfuck. Flipside
got me thinking about it even more. This summer I did my research.
Genderfuck offers a paradigm that explains and guides vast smears of my
sexuality.

**HISTORY:**

I am sort of genderfucky myself. Those of you who have known me for a
while know that I had very long hair until sometime late high school. I
was always teased or taken for a girl until sometime at the end of
middle school, when I could grow a beard. Even then if someone only saw
me from behind, I got "Excuse me, Miss" for a couple of more years. What
fewer of you know is that this had been happening since I was 3 months
old.

| Crazy Cashier: What a cute little girl! How old is she?
|  My Mother: It's a boy, HE is three months old.
|  Crazy Cashier: Awww, what's her name?
|  My Mother: HIS name is Anthony!
|  Crazy Cashier: Hmmmm, 'Anthony' is weird name for a girl...

Also, apparently sometime in 2nd grade I would come home crying all the
time because I was being teased about looking like a girl. My parents,
who always let us choose what we wanted to look like, could no longer
handle it. They said that if I couldn't toughen up, my choice was gone.
They would forcefully cut my hair. Ever obstinate, I stopped crying. I
do not recall this series of events.

**OH GIRLFRIEND:**

Genderfucked is what I want my partner to be. Famously, `earlier this
summer`_ my cousin called me "a fucking fetishist." Kinks often
establish themselves early. For instance, part of my reading this summer
took me to "Intermediate Types among Primitive Folk". Intermediate Types
being early 20th century parlance for LGBT and Primitive Types being
ancient peoples (Greek, Asian, American, etc.) The following passage is
both the hottest thing in the world to me and how I would like to get
married.

`page 114s - 115,`_

    *"There appears to have been a curious custom in Sparta connected
    with the ordinary marriage by capture which may be mentioned here as
    suggesting some wavering so to speak at that time of the line
    between male and female The bridegroom says Mueller brought the
    young virgin having carried her off from the chorus of maidens or
    elsewhere to the bride's maid who cut short her hair and left her
    lying in a man's dress and shoes without a light on a bed of rushes
    until the bridegroom returning from the public supper carried the
    bride to the nuptial couch and unloosed her girdle. Whatever may
    have been the exact meaning of this custom it almost suggests that
    marriage by capture of women was preceded by marriage by capture of
    youths [young men]."*

I am often accused of having a perverse and distasteful thing for
lesbians. But that couldn't be father from the truth. From a
Game-of-Life Theory standpoint why would I waste time lusting after
people who will never love me back? I want what I have requited,
heavily. Yes, I have been known to say that I have an attraction to the
'Dyke Aesthetic', whatever that means. But I postulate that this is
because the canonical lesbian is genderfuck, not that I want to be with
lesbians.

**NAME MAGIC COUNTER:**

Naturally, in all this thinking, I was fearful. What if 'genderfuck' is
simply name-magic to make myself feel better about prior events? Am I in
danger of falling in love with a label and not a person? After some
further thought and discussion, I don't think so.

First off, I was pointed to the framework of genderfuck being more of an
'Anti-Label' than a true descriptor. It is what you call someone who
fundamentally rejects imposed norms and gender binaries (labels) and is
willing to take a personal stand against them. But the (at least)
partial use of humour takes the immediate threat out of such opposition.
Genderfuck is about more than simply cross-dressing. It is
cross-dressing sans the intent to deceive.

Secondly and personally, as a kink genderfuck is legitimized away from
'label' criticisms. It doesn't have to make sense to anyone; it doesn't
even have to make sense to me. It is my deep seeded, emotionally charged
compulsion. Some people, for instance, have Centaur fetishes. I count my
lucky stars that mine actually exists. And therefore, it is not
unreasonable to ask that my sex partners indulge my fantasy in return
for me partaking in theirs to have a healthy relationship.

So even though I may be crazy, at least I am still rational. We may
proceed.

**QUEER STRAIGHT:**

In my review of what genderfuck really is, I ran across "Queer At Last?
Straight Intellectuals and the Desire for Transgression" by Annette
Schlichter in GLQ. Did someone write a journal article about me before
we even met?! Ms Schlichter's paper had two main take away points.

(1) The term 'queer' is so general that it is possible to be a queer
straight. Queer merely means different. Thus it is possible to reject
heteronormativity while remaining heterosexual in practice.

(2) However, queer straights, as demonstrated by self-identified people
in the literature, as a rule go through a transformation process whereby
they 'realize themselves to be queer.' This transgression makes them not
truly queer. This is because, by analogy, the queer straight is in the
same position of any one who is a member of an oppressive majority,
though they may support a minority. For instance, a white person who
historically supported blacks does not suddenly become black. Nor does a
man who is a feminist become a woman. Unfortunately, they still stand on
the shoulders of implicit, systematic privilege.

Well, point (1) seems to apply, if I could be convinced to call myself
heterosexual. But point (2) means that there will be problems calling
myself a queer straight.

But given my history, I am still queer. I never went through the type of
transformation that Ms Schlichter deftly outlines. I was raised queer so
there never was a need for a metamorphic period. Yes, this may be a
function of my freaky parents having their freaky children. An exception
even in the queer world. Pretty much every homo I have ever talked to
\*knew\* (often from quite early ages) that they were other-sexual. Same
with me, no alterations to identity required. At worst, I have the sort
of parents that little fag kids across the country spend the days
dreaming they had instead of their own ignorant and biased set.

In fact, I see my experience as being a source of major long-term
criticism for "Queer at Last." The straight-who-becomes-queer may be a
myth. But as more and more non-traditional families are started, more
folk like me will pop up. I won't be alone in not really being
homosexual but not heteronormative either. My type will never replace
'normal' but maybe it will stop being wrong.

But Ms Schlichter does give us the ability to answer a persistent
question I receive. "*Why don't you just find some long-haired straight
girl who probably longs to be a tomboy and have her cut her hair?*\ " It
is for this transformation reason described. She isn't queer when I meet
her, so I am not interested. If she picks up on this (and this has
happened) she may cut her hair thinking to get close to me. But even
though I didn't enact the transformation she still didn't transgress.
And even if she had transgressed, she still took full advantage of her
heternormative privilege. She would be a facsimile of what I am really
interested in. The aesthetic does not give her the values nor the
experiences.

**EXCEPTION ADDENDUM:**

\*I forgot to mention this above.\* Gays and lesbians and straights will
talk about those one or two special members of the sex that they are not
typically attracted to who really do it for them. By analogy, the same
is certainly true for me. There are a couple of 'normal' people out
there who completely turn my crank. But this is the exception, not the
rule.

Additionally, if the attraction is strong enough I try to establish some
basis for deviance in them that probably doesn't exist. Story time: my
middle school teacher (Ms Smit), my mother, and I were eating at a
restaurant. At the time, one of my friends was dating a girl (Meenon)
from the other middle school in the district. My mother and mentor
informed me the the girl in question was a complete babe/goddess. I
didn't see it nor understand it because her visage was fairly standard.
I have since come to understand that she solidly beats me in some
aspects of deviance, though it wasn't initially apparent.

On the other hand, if my first experience with someone was at a
burn-event, competitive art competition, gay club, LARP, or basically
anything else that has one putting on costumes and running around naked
in rain (happens more often than you'd think), then I understand if you
have to play the normative card outside of such events to get by. I know
initially that you are something other than you seem. Personally, I feel
that I have been trending to a more respectable look to work in my more
conservative field. However, after I open my mouth it is all pretty much
over.

Time to go play dress-up, wanna come?

.. _`**Genderfuck:**`: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Genderfuck
.. _earlier this summer: http://scopatz.livejournal.com/2009/06/16/
.. _page 114s - 115,: http://books.google.com/books?id=oCEKAAAAIAAJ&dq=Intermediate+types+and+primitive+folk&printsec=frontcover&source=bl&ots=b0QnSvGpVT&sig=eXkUqFBjBvj6BDvYengpk530tVs&hl=en&ei=AKSMSpy-N8egmAfd-bS0DQ&sa=X&oi=book_result&ct=result&resnum=4#v=snippet&q=rushes&f=false
