GroupHug
########
:date: 2007-12-03 18:19
:author: Anthony Scopatz
:category: missives
:slug: grouphug

So I found this new (to me) website called http://grouphug.us/

It is basically the product successively sticking PostSecret and 4chan
in a juicer and then straining out the pictures. It has all the derision
of the Internet Hate Machine and all of the depression of mailing in the
messed up feeling you have to a person who will publish them and not pay
you a cent.

GroupHug is basically an IRL version of http://www.wowdetox.com/

As such I am enjoying it thoroughly. My favorite one so far is

>>943097983 I fantasize about my guild leader.

A lot of them are the typical relationship bemoaning ones. The good ones
of these are in how they tell the story since the subject is so used.
But most of the really good ones come out of nowhere.

>>905739078 i absolutely hate you amy. especially your giant nose

I know I haven't posted anything serious in a while. Most of what has
been up has been \*chan related anyways. I have been busy lately.
Besides that my mind has been broken down by this thesis and various
other spirits of past and present. The present ones torment my days and
the past my nights. I dig a hole to bury the hatchet as Sisyphus rolls.

Mostly I can't wait for this semester to be done. I can't wait to get
out of this city. I hate cities, but I think you knew that. I know it is
Austin and all and the happy fun wunderkind of Tejas...but I am bored
and worn out. I need to get back to the country. A place where I can see
the stars. A place where a damnable street lamp does not shine through
my blinds.

The good news is that my parents now have floors and wall in about 50%
of the house (yeah my own room when I go back that isn't a closet).

The bad news is that the results of the spinal tap came back and no one
knows what is wrong with my mother. Similarly, no one knows what is
wrong with my stomach, but I need a new one. All of my dreams are still
nightmares, including the wet ones.

In summary, there is something to be said for these WoWDetox,
PostSecret, and GroupHug schticks...Trolling is fun and entertaining;
actually posting on one would be a scandalous admission of guilt, even
if no picture is available.
