I feel relieved.
################
:date: 2007-05-12 01:30
:author: Anthony Scopatz
:category: missives
:slug: i-feel-relieved

My Finals are over and my bowels are empty.

If there is one thing that is super disgusting it is a distended belly.
Having lived with this for the past three years, I know what it is like.
The method my doctor prescribed works. In the process I tried a bunch of
different eating habits and have run across one I like. I am going to
need to become more active. In truth I let this slide as I had no energy
and was bunglingly fat even though very little of it was truly blubber
but rather prior meals. I know this is all terribly interesting but I
think it marks an important point. I still don't feel perfect about the
way I look but I do feel a lot better.

People have to love you for who you are, but part of who you are is what
you look like. Not wanting to be who I was, I think this is a positive
change.

The beard/chin dilemma remains. For those of you who don't know, I don't
have a chin. One has started to slightly appear having lost some weight.
However I do have a beard, with which I cover it up and fake a chin like
nature.

Also for those of you who do not know, I think beards are the social and
biological equivalent of boobs. Allow me to explain. Men, naturally, do
not get to choose how much facial hair they grow, like breast size for
women. Furthermore, certain sizes and shapes are more socially
acceptable than others (or desired). Because of this a lot of money,
effort, and time is spent augment ones natural appearance, beyond what
is needed. The difference in maintenance here is that women have a large
one time cost for permanent augmentation where men have a a contiguous
upkeep cost. Women, if you don't believe me, then fine, but this
actually happens; men get discriminated against based solely on the
quality and style of their facial hair. Beards, like boobs, when longer,
bigger, more natural, and uncovered ones tend to appear on hippies and
bikers. I happened to be born with a large bushy, Muir-like, Rebbe-esque
beard which is socially undesirable.

I am thinking about keeping it shaved again, just as a social test,
again. I don't recognize myself without it. Though I can't stand to
watch the show, the best comparison I have to how I keep it now and what
I would go to is Rikker from Star Trek: TNG.

Any thoughts? I know some of you haven't seen me in a while.
