I went through the desert in a car with no name
###############################################
:date: 2007-06-05 21:18
:author: Anthony Scopatz
:category: missives
:slug: i-went-through-the-desert-in-a-car-with-no-name

So I owe this journal a story partially for me and partially to
disseminate this information.

Alright. On the drive out to Idaho, about 50 miles north of Las Cruces,
NM my car lost all of its coolant. I was driving along and within one
minute I got a check coolant light and then all of the water was
evaporating out f the top of my hood and I lost all power (while going
uphill).

Unfazed I got out and plugged the fuel injector wire back in (3 out of
four had popped out) and poured all of my emergency drinking water that
I carried in my "everything" box into the radiator. This was a
calculated risk as I had great cell reception and figured if I could get
the car moving I would be able to make it to the next town and buy more
water.

So I was stranded in the desert in some beautiful country. I would have
taken a hike while the car cooled down but I needed to watch the
vehicle. Instead I read some of my book and watched some AMVs on my
zune. Unfortunately the car was deader than a doornail and I got a tow
after about an hour and a half back to Las Cruces. There I had the
garage do an $85 inspection.

It turns out that in no known order the coolant pump and the head gasket
died. There may have been damage to the actual head which would have
cost me more. The known price to fix would have been almost $800. Keep
in mind I have about $300 to my name at this point and I had just taken
the car in two weeks prior to get it inspected to make sure it was
journey worthy, at least to Idaho. I dropped about $1000 in it this
semester that I don't have.

Also I needed to get to Idaho by monday to go to training which only
happens once every week.

All of the car rental places in Las Cruces were closed by noon or 2 on
Saturday and didn't reopen until monday and I was sitting at the garage
at four.

So here is what I did! It turns out there is a shuttle to the El Paso
Airport that runs 12 times a day and I took the second to last one.
There I rented a car that I could only afford with my USAA discount.
Also, I asked on the phone when I was reserving it if I could pay with
cash even thought I could give them a credit card. They said yes.
However, I get there and apparently you need the amount of the rental
available on your card when you do this. I barely had enough to buy gas
all the way there. So I called up my credit card and begged them to
raise my credit limit. Jason at the USAA Credit phone service is my
hero. I love his soft collected voice as I struggled with the inaneness
that is AVIS policy.

I finally got back on the road, 100 miles behind, 11 hours after I left
that morning. I V-lined for Albuquerque. There I stayed at a Howard
Jonson express. Sunday Morning I went to the closest Trader Joe's to
Austin and it was divine. I have never been happier to be in
Albuquerque. I then finished the remaining 14 hours of my trip and
arrived in Idaho Falls at about 11:30 Sunday night. I unpacked and went
to bed for my five hours of sleep and woke up went to my training.
Success!

Up until this point I was calm and happy. Patience and some forethought
allowed me to effectively see through this challenge. Besides, I got to
spend some extra time in New Mexico, how could one even think of being
mad?

Idaho Falls however is a crying shame. You'd think there would be some
mountains here, but there aren't really. They are small and in the
distance. You'd also think that there would be some waterfalls. There
are but they are artificially created by a hydroelectric dam and only
drop like 6 feet. This town is the definition of Lame!

Also all the cool stuff in Idaho is far away and needs a car to get to,
but since I left mine in Las Cruces..... Also most of the worthwhile
stuff in the city is out of walking range. I am lucky enough to live
within a mile and a half of work. Also my place doesn't have internet so
I have to sit in the library with my laptop. Also the library won't give
me a card since I am not a permanent resident.

I am so out of here in six weeks. I don't know how I'll leave since I
only have $200 mostly to eat with for the rest of the month. But I will
find a way.....

....must get student loan...must buy car.....
