Is it cold in here?
###################
:date: 2008-01-31 02:38
:author: Anthony Scopatz
:category: missives
:slug: is-it-cold-in-here

I have such a love-hate relationship with the Warcraft games.
Specifically, their writing.

Part of the time it is just so bad that it isn't even self consistent
(lore, lol amiright?). This hurts my head so much I could cry.

But then! Then there are these other times where it is so amazing I
could weep tears of joy. This happens to be when they do take into
consideration their own extensive back story.

So if you haven't guessed, I just watched the Zul'Aman trailer.
http://www.worldofwarcraft.com/info/underdev/implemented/2p3.html# This
trailer is quite possibly one of the best things they have ever done.
When Zul'Jin says

"And now, They [blood elves] fight along side the HORDE!?! I spit on the
Horde. I hate you. I hate you all...."

I nearly creamed. Half of it is the way he says it. This trailer is
still some of the best RP that any of the Warcraft products have to
offer. Note in the begging battle between humans and elves vs trolls
that they are decked out in War I & II gear.

On the other hand, for Wrath of the Lich King it has been announced that
they will finnally be doing something with Dalaran. Wonderful. Except
this something is literally lifting the city off of the ground and
floating it over to hang around ABOVE Northrend. I shit you not
http://www.wowwiki.com/Dalaran

Not only does this make no sense it also removes the clitoris ala South
Park: Bigger, Longer, and Uncut from the game. I thought they were gonna
do something cool with Dalaran since they have so much to work with, but
this is retarded.
