Jenny Huska
###########
:date: 2007-07-24 12:16
:author: Anthony Scopatz
:category: missives
:slug: jenny-huska

Originally from the Texas Panhandle, she finished high school in
Anchorage, Alaska where her family had moved. Always ready to paint or
travel she choose to study at the University of the Americas in Mexico
City, where to her surprise she stayed for 20 years. During that time
becoming an English Teacher in her children's school was her next career
goal. Painting had to wait. In 1990 she moved with her children away
from the problems of the big city and settled in the little village of
Cabo San Lucas, Baja California. Now there was time to paint and travel.
Her first works were Diego Rivera style portraits where the many years
lived in Mexico showed through with bright warm colors. Eight years went
by in Cabo and her children grew up and started families of their own.
One of her daughters married and moved to Santa Ynez and as visits began
so did the urge to return to the United States.

Now a resident of Santa Ynez she enjoys painting this beautiful valley
and its wonderful oaks. Local landmarks such as old barns, windmills and
churches are in many of her latest works. The many years spent in Mexico
are seen through the warm bright colors in her landscapes.

Unfortunately, Jenny has a terminal and debilitating disease known
commonly as Papermill Vagina. No known cure or cause has yet been found.
However, with your help and the purchase of one of her paintings, more
monies can be dedicated to easing Jenny's pain and go toward researching
this rare and awful condition. Up to now, Jenny has learned to cope with
her struggles by occasionally using her disease in her art. Once a
month, her vulva swallows one of the beautiful Santa Ynez Valley live
oaks and she makes a unique canvas out of it. On this canvas she paints
her landscapes in warm bright colors. Won't you help?

http://www.suzannehuskasart.com/index2.htm
