Loop Over My Heart
##################
:date: 2009-04-09 16:45
:author: Anthony Scopatz
:category: missives
:tags: (a||b)whof***s(a||b||a&amp;b), bothflamingandhot, duncanidaho, enigma, hardkour, ladyjessica, northofthewall, oldladyhat, unicorn
:slug: loop-over-my-heart

I have always been a proponent of not wasting time on dating people you
know you are not interested in. That being said, what one wants and what
one thinks one wants are typically quite disparate when one starts
dating. So like many things in my life I have followed a classic
iteration, hopefully converging on that one person who is so molto bene
that you don't risk giving them up.

**The point whole point is that date dissimilar people who gradually get
closer and closer to one another and you learn more and more what works
for you and what doesn't.**

Example: Say you start off with the girl down the street. You should
then probably move to the one from the wrong side of the tracks. The
difference here is large because you don't have any sense of who you
are. Then try to find someone who is a more middling version. Someone
who roughly combines the positive traits from each. Maybe you decide
that you liked the girl down the street a bit more so you find someone
that more closely resembles them. However, this fails and you suspect
you need a real man, more like Duncan Idaho and less like Lady Jessica.
Look we are getting closer; they are both strong character from Dune!
While trying to decide if Elvis is alive or not you think that someone
more enigmatic would be better to project your feelings on. Then you
wonder if mythical beasts in a far way land are enigmatic enough for
you?

And maybe all of these characterizations are grossly unfair (half of
them don't exist), but the method is sound. From each encounter you
learn, and get closer and closer to that mythical one (or several, as
the case may be).

So why is did this come up? Well, blame Kerry Prime. She pointed out how
she is holding out hope that I might someday bring home a nice, only
slightly unusual, girl. Sean, for one, has for years claimed that I will
marry a nice Jewish girl (uuugh, curse my bones he does).

Being single for some time, I dated around to humor the "open up your
options, put yourself out there, don't limit yourself" crowd. But, it
failed (in a non-self-fulfilling way). I know more or less what I want.
I have converged to within acceptable tolerances, yet, of course, I can
always go further.

So while I am intrigued by the possibility of someone that my friends
and family think is a good fit but is outside of \*my\* norm, I
sincerely doubt it will happen. It defeats the purpose of doing the
iteration to break out of the loop now!

Naturally, I take a similar model for other aspects of my life. Check
it.
