Master, Apprentice
##################
:date: 2007-07-25 16:07
:author: Anthony Scopatz
:category: missives
:slug: master-apprentice

Welcome to the Papermill!

We watched the Rutles movie tonight. My body is modifying itself in
strange and disappointing ways. I feel really healthy and my blood
pressure is 92 over 59 with a pulse of 62. The pressure is fantastically
low. I feel my pulse could be a bit lower. Shane's pulse was 53, but his
pressure was high.

---Break---

Ok, I just had a big argument with my mom. The TV was showing some
monkeys that were being used in some sort of lab experiment. She said
that the monkeys shouldn't be tested on.

Now, Let this be said right now...I have nut political views, a lot of
them in fact. One of them I think is that I really believe in science
and economics. Whether this extends to what would be called faith or not
I do not yet know...

So I made the argument to my mom that 1) most biologists and doctors
would rather not use the animals and where ever they can develop methods
that don't 2) animal testing has saved lives in the past, saves lives
now, and will save lives in the future and has improved life expectancy
otherwise, 3) animal testing in needed to develop methods that don't use
animals as we ramp up the tech level.

She still wasn't buying it so I ended up pointing out the she either
values animals as much or more than people -OR- that she is essentially
a Christian Scientist.

We sort of agreed to disagree and then mentioned as long as she didn't
join PETA or firebomb research clinics then we'd be cool.

Of Course she mentions that she was thinking about joining PETA.

Now here is where things got weird. Neither her or my dad believed me
when I said that PETA euthanizes their rescued animals. Of course I
didn't have enough time to show her this website:
http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?f=/chronicle/archive/2005/06/30/EDGC9DGTNV1.DTL

Now this is the San Fransisco Chronicle, which is supposedly the most
liberal newspaper in the nation, who you'd think would be PETA fans.

What sticks in my craw about all of this is that I feel it is another
expression of people feeling guilty about themselves or humanity
altering the environment. Naturally, this comes up a lot in power
generation biz that I am in.

As a guy who is really into systems and system dynamics generally the
way complex behavior functions, it really always amazes me to see how
little of a given problem people can see and still be wholly holy
warriors for their cause. I think very few people in this country really
understand where electricity comes from in this country. E.g. Electric
and Hybrid vehicles are all the range in California, a state that lives
on coal and natural gas.

Now I am not saying that every little bit doesn't help, and yes animals
need activates too to argue for better, more humane treatment where ever
it is possible.

These issues are complicated.

Unfortunately raw emotion won't solve them. Also, merely by being alive
every single person effects the environment in adverse ways. If one
really feels guilty enough about these things than the most honorable
thing one could do is suicide. Killing yourself is likely the best thing
someone can do to return the world to its otherwise natural state.

The revolution is coming and I want to live to feel a face that isn't
mine. Seeya in Three Rivers.

| They were playing frisbee and it was most ungentlemanly how they were throwing it
|  -Shaitan
|


