Neon Genisis
############
:date: 2007-06-09 04:43
:author: Anthony Scopatz
:category: missives
:slug: neon-genisis

| Ok So, I just got through watching Evangelion in a blitz 2-day run
movies included. I hadn't seen it since I was 14 or so. For those of you
who
|  haven't seen it, there are really three main age categories of the
characters.

| 1) 14 yro
|  2) 30-ish yro
|  3) Those older than 30-ish

I have changed much since I last saw it and have learned a lot about
animation and film and psychology since. I found myself stuggling with
it much more now than I had before. Early on I saw it mostly as an
interesting story about people who are generally rather whiny and not
really sure of themselves. I didn't personally identify with any of the
characters. In fact, I still don't. However my opinions about them have
changed. Or rather, the fact that they are inept and complain a lot
doesn't bother me so much anymore.

Also I lied, their is one character I identify with and that is Ikari
Yui, the wife of Gendo and mother to Shinji. It is eventually revealed
that her whole role (which may seem minor, but is the driving force for
all events prior to the first episode) is simply so that she can create
a symbol or record of humanities existence that will outstrip the even
the life of the sun. This is the ultimate dream of science combined with
the baseness of being human. To create something that will outlast all
else that we know proves our power, our intellect. As a scientist I can
respect Yui for both her work and giving into this desire and admitting
it openly. And after all, you're a scientist for god's sake.

As a story it had a moral and a point, like most stories. Furthermore
that point was something that I have thought about occasionally within
the years intervening my viewing and frequently within the past year.
Though the telling is convoluted, Rei eventually reveals the ultimate
decision that is placed in Shinji's hands and also the choice he has
made. My way of putting this decision is as follows.

"If one had the capacity to instantly and permanently (no chance of
recovery) and without suffering erase all life, would you?"

I think the way that people answer that question tells a lot about
themselves. It is an uncomfortable question for most people and the only
two people I have formally posed it two tried to shift the terms around
and declare that it was irrelevant. Eva is interesting in that they
actually ask this question but do it in such a roundabout way that
people don't know that they are asking it until it is too late (end of
last movie). What is even more interesting is that the character that is
given that ability comes (or was predisposed) to the same answer that I
have. This answer is that maybe such a state of affairs isn't entirely a
bad thing.

From here the moral goes a little soft and for some reason the
characters life force is still around and is given a chance to reinstate
life should he choose to do so, and of course he does...noting of course
that everyone he killed has to resurrect themselves. This is rather lame
but the point was made, they just cover it up so people don't leave on
such a downer.

Another thing that irked me this time that didn't before was that the
animation was so close to being just balls to the wall weird and out
there and convoluted in terms of the story telling. What bothers me in
all of that is of course that it \*wasn't\* as strange as the makers
clearly had the capacity to do. It felt like they were restraining
themselves. It was almost like they needed it to be approachable to the
masses rather than strange and invigorating. This consistently annoyed
me. Whenever they went into some psychedelic state there was always a
voice over walking the viewer through. I am smart enough to infer what
is going on; let me, please.

Most of the pleasure I got out of this watching was from the neat things
I would notice that the animators did that are subtle but poetic. My
friend Justin noted when we were kids that there is a rather hilarious
moment when the creators are trying to be funny in the first episode
when the car is blown over by an N2 bomb explosion. He noted that this
is the one and only point where the animator specifically added in
things like that. However, there are in fact many more, right up to the
end, they are simply less blatant. They relive the tension of the show
with out the viewer even realizing it.

One of the real strokes of beauty however comes at the very beginning of
the second movie. Misato has hacked into some NERV mainframe and is
trying to discover its ultimate purpose, why she is doing the things she
is doing. The document is flashed on the screen quickly before something
else deletes it. I however, thinking I could divine some juicy fan
trivia, went back and paused at the moment the document flashed on
screen. The document happened to be in English. The document is actually
a story that talks all about the creators of the anime and how they
thought of this in college and then eventually got signed to big
corporations etc. If it is not immediately apparent, I will explain how
awesome and hilarious and cool this is. Here is a character who is
trying to find the truth and reveal the truth. What is revealed to her
is the full, unadulterated truth. To her point of view it might be
considered a meta-truth. In explains, to us at least, in detail the
whole reason why she exists as an animation in the real world. But it
also explain it to her, which in some sense is forbidden knowledge in
any "serious" story. Furthermore since the document is in English and
flashed on the screen quickly, most of the original viewers would have
not understood and simply believed that the character had found some
truth within the story that she was proported to find and not the
absolute truth that is given.

I think I liked it this time much more than before. Most of the
characters are whiny bitches, but hey most of the characters are 14.

I really should stop watching media. My feelings afterwards are always
mixed. Do I really enjoy consuming it or am I hunting the past?
