Nerdy Simile Here
#################
:date: 2006-10-17 01:18
:author: Anthony Scopatz
:category: missives
:slug: nerdy-simile-here

So I was thinking today that when you move it is almost like restarting
your computer, at least if you are running linux.

You reboot your life and in the process of bring up all of the necissary
system functions you get little [ok] or [failed] messages and then move
on to the next step. But you really do start from the ground up and as
things come on line you feel more and more comfortable with the place.
And I am saying this as a person who finds moving to a new place
relatively easily.

I have observed that my behavior here has been that of making certain
goals, achiving them and then moving on to the next goal. The first was
obviously moving in and feeling comfortable and obtaining all of the
furniture I need to feel like a 'real' person. Then, I got my school
situation adequately up and running. The next was finding a group of
people to game with. After that came the establishment of one or two
stable friend groups. Now I am left with two goals that like the gaming
group and friend group in some sense run concurrently.

I must discover what sort of ways in which I wish to improve myself and
pursue these in my spare time and I must find a suitable mate for the
Austin area. I hate to chalk things up to chance so I won't. I figure
since my self improvement goals include finding new people to exersize
with (which is a shame I left SB since I had found again a good group of
people thanks to the Garden Court Apt.) I will do this one first. This
goal should impove my desirability to the potential in theory. I feel
the last system critical function to boot up are always the ones that
give you the most trouble since you have already developed something of
a routine. What I need now is perserverance!!!

If this wasn't nerdy enough for you the fact that novell is leaving
ReiserFS in the dust really bothers me.
