N(really)SFW
############
:date: 2008-04-27 22:45
:author: Anthony Scopatz
:category: missives
:tags: totallydisillusionedwithstraightmalehood
:slug: nreallysfw

"Lieutenant! Is that \*really\* appropriate?" Sisko barked. Her hands
and arms had caught him by surprise from behind. No one knew about their
secret time together, least of all Jake. And that is just how the
Commander wanted to keep it.

Dax had become more brazen of late. He often sat and wondered if it was
some sort of Trillian mid-life crisis, or menopause, or puberty even!
Her quarters were fine, the Holosuite was fine too if they could be
guaranteed a little extra privacy. Even his own quarters were reasonable
if they knew Jake would be out. But this everywhere, all-of-the-time
business has got to stop. Just last night it had been in the Science
Lab. Julian was right there! If he'd heard her moan just once, that
would be it. Both of their careers would be over. Now they were in his
office and this was getting dangerous.

"Oh come on Ben! I am the Science officer here and I am just collecting
samples." Jadzia wryly smiled, sliding her hands further down the front
of his chest. Starting to unzip his uniform. Tick. Tick. Tick.

"That is it! I'm.." Sisko started.

"I am Collecting Samples!" Dax butted in. Pausing for a moment to regain
her composure, "And it just so happens that I require some from an Adult
Human Male. And there is nothing you can do about it." She said turning
his chair around and smothering him a kiss that was not the kind to
allow Sisko to object or even speak. Her supple breasts touching his
handsome man-chest in that light way that let both of them know that
there was only more to come.

"Alright. I concede. But not here. Someone could walk in at any time."
he pleaded. Unfortunately for Benjamin, by the time he was done talking
she had his uniform unzipped right down to the crotch.

"Ah Ah!" She wagged her right index finger at him as she got down on her
knees in front of the chair. "I am the doctor here. I think that makes
me the master." Jadzia winked.

Dax was now cupping Sisko's lukewarm balls in her left hand and had
partially unzipped the top part of her Federation uniform. "Alright
there little guy! Come on." She whispered to Benjamin's penis as it was
slowly going through the first stages of erection. Unzipping her
uniform's top completely "Do you need a little motherly love?" she said
as she placed his cock into her cleavage, slowly rubbing upwards and
down. Resigning himself, Sisko sat back and thought to himself that if
it is going to happen he should take it like a man.

Finally submitting, Benjamin allowed himself the pleasure of a full,
stiff, 15" hard on. Dax wasted no time. She was smothering his dark
member even more vigorously than she had him earlier. It was unfortunate
for both Jadzia and him that the Trill oral structure could not fully
account for neither the Captain's girth nor his length.

"OoooH" He moaned deeply and softly as simultaneously both her mouth
retreated back to the tip of the head and she surprised him by ramming
her pinky finger up his asshole. There was an audible pop as her
lascivious mouth separated from his head.

"Do you like that, baby?" Dax inquired as she rotated her finger around.
It was all Sisko could do to moan briefly as he felt the cool air
evaporate the pre-cum and her saliva from off of his shaft. Before any
words could form she was back on him vigorously sucking and pounding.

It was all too much. Dax was always good at head, but this new finger
thing was superb. In a climactic groan, Commander Sisko expelled his
load into her mouth. Dax, surprised, pulled back.

"Sorry, I normally last longer." He claimed apologetically.

Thumping her chest and swallowing, Jadzia said willfully "Oh that is
fine, Ben. I didn't realize you liked it so much." Dax stood up, her
breasts undulating as she did so. "But now for me..." She forced the
commander up out of his seat and then ripped the rest of his uniform
off. Then turning him around so his powerful back was showing she
proclaimed,

"Computer. Strap-on. Hot."

And there it was. The replicator had produced a massive 24" long PVC
shaft with harness, shaped like a baseball bat. Jadzia knew it was his
favorite sport and thought the gesture would be appreciated.

"What are you doing Dax? You have your sample. We can stop for now."

"Oh no, you don't get off that easy. Not after that performance."

The first unlubricated ram up his firm ass hurt the most. He could feel
himself start to bleed. Sisko knew this would be bad. He wouldn't be
able to sit right for a week and people would start to ask questions.

"AWWWWW!!!" The pull out hurt almost as badly. And why was it so warm?
Is she now taking lessons from old bad white men farther up the
Federation chain of command than him? Still, it was oddly arousing.
Jadzia always was trying new things.

Eventually she settled into a normal, rhythmic motion. He even had
started to get hard again, but by this point his face was planted on his
desk and he was bent over. "Alright old man. That's enough."

"For you maybe."

"Stop old man." The pounding increased, along with the pain. "STOP! No
more!" His skin was sweat bonded to the table and the increased
frequency was hurting him everywhere. "STOP, OLD MAN! STOP!!!" But she
just kept going...

When Sisko woke up, he was face down on the ground. Sitting up, he
noticed Dax sitting by the window, smoking. "So how was it for you?",
she asked.

"A lot like our time together in the Academy."
