O Raleigh?
##########
:date: 2009-08-02 18:57
:author: Anthony Scopatz
:category: missives
:tags: argentiniancowboys
:slug: o-raleigh

|image0|

Ya Raleigh!

Well, maybe not so exuberant as all that. I have been here a couple of
weeks now, and have a couple of weeks left to go. I am painfully lonely
here, in addition to the overworked/undersexed status that usually
follows from graduate studies. Last year when I was here, my friend AJ
from high school was also out doing an internship. At the time I didn't
realize what this meant for my mental health. Normally, I am very good
on my own: two sigma better than average. However, the previous two
months of travel, going from seeing nearly everyone I have ever known to
nothing was too severe. It was a train running into a brick wall.

But the trend might be changing; the end is in sight. To combat said
loneliness, and think about something other than nuclear fuel cycle
error propagation, I went to an album release party for Raleigh-local
group `Birds of Avalon`_. I found out about this though my avid
blog-watching.

The concert had two opening bands before Birds played. The first was
pretty decent. The second was some hybrid Indie-Punk, which frankly I
was not into at all. Punk should have some bite, rather than be about
your 4th of July weekend. And Indie-music, well I guess I don't care
enough to have an opinion.

Birds of Avalon, however, were great. Their material encompassed words
like 'Musicality' and 'Thoughtfulness' and 'Presence' and most of all,
'Entertaining'. Still, only one of their songs was truly spectacular,
and they saved it for last.

I go into all of this because the venue was fairly interesting itself.
The Pour House (get it? beer, pour) has an extensive upstairs balcony
area that wrapped around two sides of the top of the building. From here
you can look down on the pit and the band. This upstairs is where it is
allowable to smoke. But the view makes it worth it. Basically I got an
eagle eye view of the drummers for the cost of putting up with a little
smoke. I loved it. At one point between the bands, this man Robin
started talking to me. Robin, Raleigh born and raised, could tell within
5 minutes (from my accent) that I wasn't local. Damn.

In other good news, though, my friend Shawn from UCSB is going to visit
me next weekend. He is moving to Maryland for graduate school from LA
and I get the benefit of a visit. Awesome. And a week after that I am
outta here!

.. _Birds of Avalon: http://www.myspace.com/birdsofavalon

.. |image0| image:: http://th01.deviantart.com/fs15/300W/f/2006/356/5/3/O_RALEIGH__by_trintrin918.jpg
