Oh the things I would love to tie you to!
#########################################
:date: 2007-02-23 21:57
:author: Anthony Scopatz
:category: missives
:slug: oh-the-things-i-would-love-to-tie-you-to

So I haven't posted in a bit. I saw Obama speak today at his one and
only Texas stop on the campaign trail. The man had a lot of "kunos",
which is an ancient Greek word for cunning that is a common epithet for
Odysseus. It has somewhat negative connotations which is exactly how I
am using it. Obama spoke in a way that way not verbose, and used as few
of what Patrick called moderate sized words, and when he did they were
ones that every bumpkin in their bumplands would know. Not such a
terrible thing and will certainly earn you appeal to the pleabs.
However, is mannerisms alluded to a personality type that almost implies
he certainly know the words he is not saying and that his act is just
that. Even so his speech was certainly well spoken and well worded and
crafty. Ideologically I agree with him on all his main points and it
does take strength to say such things. In my heart of hearts I was
hoping for another JFK. This man is not it.

The good thing about the rally was not the weather. It was like 70F and
raining. Still, there was a lot of eye-candy and I did my best to avoid
staring, but I forgive myself as I had just finished a blitz portion of
my project and have let myself out of my cave. As a subset of the ocular
treats, a disturbing number of them were Duncan look-a-likes.
Fortunately, many of them were clearly lesbians, but that is something
that is never all that clear, now is it? It is almost a reason to become
politically active. Almost.

I joined the Sierra club. I am not sure if I had mentioned that but I
have. I went to a little meet and greet tonight and it was fun.
Definitely an older crowd, but hey, that is life. I believe I am one of
few people my age who know about it and only because my parents raised
me well and I pay attention. Or at least I used to.

I met a girl from Hillel this week who is from San Diego by way of
Berkley. I could have guessed that she was from San Diego; she exuded
it. Just something I thought was interesting. Quaint.

I feel I am months away from any sort of satisfying relationship, if not
years. The way my adviser talks, I will be working like mad for the next
ten months, which is fine since I get a lot done. The prize at the end
is a three semester masters. It will be a challenge, but such a task is
always something I am up for. In any event, I am quite busy.
Furthermore, I don't yet know the type of person here I would be
interested in. What is worse, I am tackling the problem as an engineer
would. Well, that is a lie, I am looking at it as a system's study and
seeing society as a fractal (which I swear to you it is!), and trying to
(time-permitting) guide my life along a trajectory I desire it to go on
rather than letting life run its course. Basically all this amounts to
is me being able to make more informed decisions.

It is tough to cram a whole week's worth of mumbo-jumbo into a post.

I got a haircut! People tell me it looks good, but they might be lying.
Erich just said, "You got a haircut." which was an awkward interaction
(my adviser, you see).

I think I am more social than I like to admit. Maybe I am not a happy
person by myself. Maybe I went with shitty friends for so long that I
forgot what it was like to be around people you truly loved and cared
for...and then have no time for. Real life probably lies somewhere in
between high school and college. So much of what I do is fighting a
memory.

A Fez can set me reeling. And not even a real fez, just a picture of
one.

Work is escapism. Arbeit Macht Frei.
