Outdoorness
#############
:date: 2007-03-18 23:37
:author: Anthony Scopatz
:category: missives

So I just got back from a nine day long extravaganza of outdoorness. I
managed to visit three of our glorious National Parks in this time,
including one that is among my favorites. Mostly we did hikes that
Garrick would have hated but Kerry would have loved. I had a total blast
and I am now depressed to be back home. For all of its charms, Austin is
still a city and unlike Santa Barbara there is no way to pretend it is
not. You can't even see the stars at night. Here is how the trip went
down.

Friday: I woke up at 5 AM and was on the road by seven with Michael and
Patrick. We reached the Chisos Basin Campground of Big Bend with enough
light to set up camp. We spoke with Bob, the campground host, about
acquiring a site the next day. We made arangements with a funny man for
a site for the next day.

Saturday: Michael and Patrick and I went on a couple of day hikes. We
first walked the paths around the campground. We then went down to the
Rio Grande Village area of the park and hiked the short but effectual
Boquillas Canyon trail where we walked around the banks on the river. We
saw at least four border patrol guards on this trail. Two of them were
mounted. We then traveled down a rough and tumble, unpaved road to make
the hike up the Gateway trail. The rest of our party, Tony and Sierra
and Ana showed up at about Ten O'Clock that night.

Sunday: Michael and Patrick and Ana and I went on the Window trail out
of the campground at Chisos Basin. This lead us down the only outlet for
water in the Chisos Basin. It was very pretty and the end lead us out to
a precipice that was at the bottom of a water carved canyon whose walls
were maybe 20'. The overlook out onto the desert was certainly one of
the best on the trip and definitely the best view per mile needed to
attain. We then went to the Panther Gap visitor center to procure a
backpacking permit which had its own intricacies which I will explain
later. We then traveled to the Rio Grande visitor center, ostensibly to
see a ranger talk about the Agave family. However! I totally misread the
location and the talk was actually at Panther Gap. Since we were in Rio
Grande though, we just decided to walk part of the Hot Springs trail
until sunset. It was very nice.

Monday: Backpacking! So we decided to do the Blue Creek trail and got to
know it quite well. However, all of the primitive sites were taken by
the time we arranged for a permit. But never fear, they gave us
something else which turned out to be actually much cooler. They allowed
us to do a thing called zone camping. This basically meant that we were
given a whole area of the park (along the Blue Creek trail) in which we
could camp anywhere as long as our site couldn't be seen from the trail.
This meant that Patrick and I got to run a scouting mission for the rest
of the party to find a suitable campsite. We hiked as far in as we could
and remain in the zone.

Tuesday: The negative part of the zone permit was that we had to eat all
of our food each day since there was no bear box, but you know you live
and you buy a bear barrel. This meant that on Tuesday Patrick and Ana
and I did a speed run back to the cars. Ana needed to go to the store so
we took her. We got back to base camp the same time that Michael and
Tony and Sierra were packing out. After Patrick and Ana and I broke for
lunch we continued on our day hike. Our goal was the highest point in
the park, Emory Peak at an elevation of 7825 feet. for starters we set
out to finish the climb up the Blue Creek trail which became
significantly steeper nigh immediately after our camp. The end of the
blue creek trail meets up with the last mile of the Laguna Meadow trail
and ran us right into the middle of the Chisos forest after climbing out
of the remnants of a fire from fifteen years prior. Finishing off the
Laguna Meadow trail wee took the Colima trail to cut off the rim trails
and go straight to the end of the Pinnacles trail. About a mile down the
Pinnacles trail we met up with the Emory Peak trail and hike to the top
in a last grueling leg of the journey. We reached the peak at about 5:45
pm or about five hours we left base camp. Believe it or not coming down
off the mountain was more difficult than the ascent. Patrick hadn't
brought enough food so was nearly feinting and after the sun set was
having trouble retaining his body heat. He wore an emergency blanket for
most of the way down. Ana had forgotten to pack a coat so I let her
borrow mine. Luckily everyone remembered their flashlights. The going
was slow, however, and we didn't return to base camp until 10 O'Clock.
All in all, this day had a grueling 18.6 miles covered with a total
elevation change of 3700 feet over 14 hours of hiking.

Wednesday: Ana and Patrick and I packed out and drove to Carlsbad, New
Mexico! We rented a room at a Motel 6. I recalled a very tasty Italian
place from my prior trip and we did find it. However the establishment
was for sale! I nearly cried. The restaurant, Pasta Cafe, was closed due
to bankruptcy. Word on the street was that the owner was a cocaine
addict. This night, drinking ensued.

Thursday: First we went to Guadalupe Mountains National Park and were
lucky enough to find a campsite in the Pine Springs campground, which is
the only one in the park. We then went to Carlsbad Caverns National Park
for a change of pace. This visit was particularly neat. Since the bats
were not around at this time of year, the visitors were allowed to hike
down into cave through its mouth rather than being forced to take the
elevator. A group of cave swallows greeted our descent. Returning for
the evening to Guadalupe, Patrick and Ana and I saw went to a ranger
talk about the Butterflies and Moths of the park. The ranger, Anne
Marie, had taken some of the most beautiful pictures of wildlife I have
ever seen. She was a very skilled photographer. Patrick and her had a
pleasant talk afterwards where they compared cameras and methods.

Friday: This ushered in the last major hike of the trip. Though we got a
late start due to some possible car trouble, we did fully accomplish the
Guadalupe peak trail. This trail hikes you up 3000 feet to an elevation
of 8749 feet in 4.2 miles to the top of Guadalupe Peak, which is the
highest point in Texas. We were leisurely and tired about our way and
the trip took something less than seven hours. Much of the time spent at
the peak was doodling in the log book. One former hill-topper had
written about how he and his party were feeling Mexico and escaped the
Zapatistas and were staying there for the moment before hopefully
completing their delivery (vital to the revolution of course) to Santa
Fe. Patrick responded by writing an entry that describe how his party
had hunted down the rebels using a tip off from the Zapatistatas. I
wrote down the definition for the Mandelbrot set. Ana wrote "I feel
free". The peak itself had some amazing views. One could see out over
all of Texas it seemed and really understand how it had all been under
water. Luckily we made it back for anger Dave's talk entitled "Island in
the Desert" which was all about the three areas of the park. These areas
are namely the desert and the forest and the strange region in between.

Saturday: We packed up and drove home. The trip is over.

Now that I am back in Austin I feel oddly depressed. The city is not for
me. I can't see the stars at all. I can't really go hiking. For all of
its charms in the human world, Austin is distinctly lacking in those
charms of nature. Not that it isn't beautiful in its own right. I do not
feel safe here; I do not feel at home. I do not feel that I could
disappear. The City has gone on without me. Society continued and left
me behind. The Street didn't care. The Frost Bank didn't care. I was
here and then I was gone. Upon my return, nothing noticed. I am not
needed here. School.

A temporary link to the pictures I took follows
http://scopatz.com/pics/newtmp/SpringBreak2007/
