[Pallas: 3] Sultry
##################
:date: 2009-05-19 22:59
:author: Anthony Scopatz
:category: missives
:tags: duncanidaho, ladyjessica, oldladyhat, relena'sbutler
:slug: pallas-3-sultry

Hello California! This one is for you. If you can read this, consider
yourself privileged.

So it might be the case that I am a terrible person.

\ **The Story:**\ 

So remember that girl from Belleville from the previous Pallas posts,
Beanie, who I went with to buy some tequila. Well, this is her Beltane
story.

Basically, over Friday night and Saturday, Beanie and I talked. A lot.
The more we conversed the more similar we seemed. There were times where
I had to figure out new and exciting ways to say that I felt exactly the
same way about any given subject.

Maybe this started out as, "Don Julio/Patron is made of gold" (or
blanco, as the case may be)! However, it quickly progressed to Coffee,
Tea, Politics, Relationships, Personality Types, and other important
value systems. We aligned on a lot of levels.

So we went to get tequila, the good stuff, on Saturday afternoon. The
trip took at least an hour. During this, we exchanged the important
parts of our life stories. Though I may have grown up a troubled
individual, she definitely got the raw end of it. Her youth reminded me
most of Jessie's. Though this is *not* to say that it was strictly
analogous. I immediately empathized nonetheless.

At the "I've never" game that night, we got drunk on our Don Julio. Then
we went and sat by the bonfire. Having all warmed up, several of us took
off our shirts. I gave Beanie a massage. I think I picked up the giving
massages to people thing subconsciously from Sal & Friends (tm). So now
I slip into it whenever I am sufficiently tipsy.

Well, this time it worked. Her tent was destroyed by ants the night
before and rain that day. I offered (utterly selflessly mind you) to
continue the massage in the my tent, and let her crash there if she
wanted. Once in my tent we ended up cuddling and talking some more.

This is when it came out that she had delayed in telling me about her
absent boyfriend for the first day. I told her that I thought she was
swell and that I didn't want to do anything that would endanger her
relationship and that I didn't really come prepared to do anything (All
True). And that everything was in her hands. That being said, I did say
that I really wanted to make out with her.

**And we did. And I just might be a terrible person.**\ 

And before anyone asks, her hair is shoulder length...a grown out bob if
my skill does not fail me. I blame Colleen Moore.

\ **Why I Might Be A Terrible Person:**\ 

Before we fooled around, Beanie indicated that she was in some sort of
partially open (mostly closed) relationship where her boyfriend wanted
to meet the other party first. So closed. At least for purposes here.

Fuck. In this replay of the Santa Barbara fiasco, I became my nemesis!
Damnit, I willingly and knowingly did something that was a violation of
someone else's terms. This makes me an automatic shitty asshole. I swore
up and down that I would never fucking do this. What the in the god damn
hell?

After talking with Meenon, I am convinced that I acted with a lack of
integrity. Not that there is anything I can do about it now. So from an
emotional perspective it doesn't pay to worry about it any more.

Kerry Prime in her infinite pragmatism pointed out a couple of other
essential tid bits. For instance, I understand that blaming just the
extraneous boy in these situations devalues the position of the girl.
After all, it takes two to frottage. Beanie had to want this to happen
at least as much as she didn't. This wasn't me trying to piss off some
other guy.

But now that it is over, Kerry pointed out that I am essentially out of
the picture. What happens in their relationship is their business. I
stay the fuck back. I am not an equal partner in any of this.

Which is frankly good advice. At the time I said I was concerned for her
and her relationship. I didn't want her to emotionally divest from her
primary partner into me. But Beanie always countered that she was
worried more about me afterwards. At the time I didn't understand what
she meant. But now I do.

Kerry also pointed out that what I did isn't technically as bad as what
had happened to me. Effectively I am just some random other penis.
However, when I was the primary partner, I lost my entire support system
overnight.

\ **What Good Came Of This:**\ 

I think it is important not to understate the amount of real chemistry
that there was between Beanie and I. Ok so maybe it wasn't quite the
drop everything and run off into the sunset with me kind of thing. But
it was probably more than sufficient for the holiday romance that
ensued.

She kept saying that she almost never trusts anyone, but for whatever
reason she trusted me. I only trust people as far as I think they trust
me. So repeating this really hit the right spots personally. I almost
never trust anyone, but because of this I trust her. Under more
sceptical circumstances, I would call this some pretty sophisticated
flirting. But I don't doubt the sincerity of it. Even if she did end up
in my tent.

Then there is this whole weird "both of us are serial monogamists"
thing. How the fuck did we end up together, so compromised? I am
purposefully on hiatus; trying to appease friends and family that urge
me to do something different. I even went so far as to sleep with
bullshit people to try to get them to go away. Apparently, that always
backfires. So I resolved to only be with those who I am actually
attracted to and hold some affection for. So I know why I invited her
into my tent in the first place, but why she accepted is still sort of a
mystery.

Neither should it be overlooked that it has been three years since
anyone has called me sexy, out of a sense of lust. And for me to find
them attractive in return, seems like a pure Godsend. She said she would
have preferred me with a beard. She even said that my weird back hair
patches were hot!

It has been so long since that amazing thrill. The mental, emotional,
and tactile all came together. Even if it was for just a moment, it is
such moments that make life worth living.

I can't believe that I was missing that surge when you kiss someone.
Really kiss them. Not how one would kiss one's mother. But in that way
that hints "Your Body, tell me more..." No blandness, no marketing, but
the essence of physicality.

I think if we had gone any farther than we did, my heart would truly be
broken now. But making out is something I can do with anyone and not
feel particularly jealous or invested. However, this was, for better AND
worse, more than just making out.

Comments?
