Punk is so Rice
###############
:date: 2007-03-27 19:04
:author: Anthony Scopatz
:category: missives
:slug: punk-is-so-rice

So I have been thinking a lot lately about Punk. Even if you don't like
Punk read on; you'll come to see that I define it very generally and
reach some interesting conclusions.

Punk is like Rice. Rice is one of those canonical foods that goes well
in any culture across a huge variety of foods and tastes. Indian,
Mexican, Chinese, Greek, You-Name-It! Rice can be bland or spicy.

Punk is the same way. Just as that rice is consumed, but rarely a food
unto itself, punk is listened to in a similar manner. It is chameleon
like in its genre. You can add Punk to nigh any style of music and
barring one actually getting a better product, you at least get a more
poignant one.

To clarify Punk here extends far beyond what is known as Punk Rock. Punk
is that quality of anti-establishmentallity that forces one to take a
more extreme and critical stance on the state of affairs. This Punk
attitude manifests in music as a declaration of free speech and
nay-saying of the standard bearers of the formulaic industry. My claim
is that this happens across musical genre lines, just as rice transcends
the taste boundaries of culture and location.

That being said, Punk Rock certainly exists (Punk being an operator
acting on the variable Rock). Punk Rock, like the Ramones, actually
suffers from the fact that Rock is so out there and self-critical and
campy and fully admits all of these things that there is less room for
Punk Rock to comment on Rock that Rock does not already comment on. Rock
already hates itself; Punk is needed. That being said, the Ramones and
other Punk Rock bands make neither great Punk nor great Rock, or are at
least limited to good Rock sans the social comentary.

Not far from the Rock Regime, but with significantly less self policing
is the field of Surf Rock (Surf Guitar). A perfect example of Punk Surf
Rock are the Dead Milkmen. Their songs are structurally Surf Guitar
songs and they would be well suited if they could play their instruments
to a Surf Guitar standard.

The most interesting variety I have found is certainly the Punk Folk or
Punk Country. This is most fully (and possibly only) engendered by Mojo
Nixon and Jello Biafra on their album "Prairie Home Invasion". In some
sense this is merely updated Folk music. Traditionally Folk is all about
the laments of the people in the time that they lived. These songs,
transfered, lost their connotations but retained their charm.
Reappropriating their charms to the modern day we get the same sort of
music commenting on the laments of our time. While I don't claim that
traditional folk music (in this country at least) is or was Punk, I do
say that the pathos of folk is that of punk.

As much as he might hate me to say it, Frank Zappa and the Mothers wer
very punk in some of the work, especially in their earlier stuff. but
retaining this later on as well. The vocal songs on Freak Out may be
seen as a sort of Punk Doo Wop while other songs of his may be
considered Punk Jazz or dare-I-say Punk Classical.

As a final note, I would also classify bands like Green Day as Punk
Grunge and Bad Religion might be more of a Punk version of Metalica
which would make them Punk Metal rather than simply being rock.

The punk message is strong and tasty.
