Purple Lloyd
############
:date: 2007-12-20 01:54
:author: Anthony Scopatz
:category: missives
:slug: purple-lloyd

Yeah I am in the room!

We got all the furniture from storage but it hasn't made it was dark
when we got home so it hasn't made it into the room yet. That is the
goal for tomorrow.

It is funny being back in the Santa Ynez Vally. And California. Have I
said that before....I believe I have. I think one of the main
differences between California and Texas is that the rich people in
Texas are at the minimum respectful to the poor people at least to their
faces. For this quality I value Texas highly. On the other hand, the
unwashed masses of California are a lot nicer to each than those of
Texas. This is only true as long as the impoverished Californian is not
trying to emulate their rich neighbor (which happens all to often).

Also it is worth noting that the societies really don't differ greatly,
but it is the little things that one can pick out. Also, and I'll likely
be reamed for this somewhere, but Southern California has often seemed a
much friendlier place than northern California.

This North-South split is true for a lot of the county though. Idaho vs
Arizona, New Mexico vs Montana. My god! It makes me want to be a
Southerner! Even if someone is just being nice and they actually hate
you, I think that is an improvement in day-to-day interactions to
expressing their derision.

It is a terrible thing to hate someone, but on rare occasion it cannot
be prevented. Should you really waste that on the random person in the
street?
