Re: No
######
:date: 2008-07-11 23:28
:author: Anthony Scopatz
:category: missives
:tags: onedoesnotsimplyjumpingstilitsintomordor
:slug: re-no

A couple of days ago I was in five states: Iowa, Nebraska, Wyoming,
Utah, and Nevada.

The first three were boring as sin. I did get to see the sun set as I
rounded the Great Salt Lake. The firmament was especially beautiful. I
ended up in Wendover, NV because I'll be damned if I spend the night in
SLC without having to. Although, to it's credit, SLC is the bastion of
civilization in the region despite its proximity to Idaho. I even saw
two hawt gawth chix walking down the street. And one was a redhead to
boot! There is hope yet.

So I ended my 1k+ trek for the day on the border, having gone more or
less through two whole time zones. But I tell you that Wendover must
also be some sort of backwater. I stayed at the Nugget Hotel & Casino
and it did not have internet!

No Wireless. No Ethernet. Nada. Nothing. Zilch. Zero.

Having spent a few days in Iowa with my relatives and a couple of
tireless days on the road to get there, I was more than a bit horny when
I pulled into Nevada. In the need for some virtual action, the lack of a
jack posed a problem. So I took the leap of a desperate man: Hotel Porn.

I was presently surprised. Historically, hotel pornography has long been
the domain of thoughtless, vanilla, softcore fare. Old pornstars and
directors fear the day when they are relegated to this uninteresting
fate.

While still very tame as compared to the teeming mass of specialty
fetish site you can find online, there was a good amount of variety and
most of it was hardcore (not just women massaging their own breasts).
They even had some porn directed to straight women, and some other
specifically made for lesbians. Unfortunately, the closest thing to gay
male porn they got was the bisexual stuff [mmf] (gotta be a pussy
\*somewhere\* on screen).

You may now be asking yourself why I am telling you about my all too
expensive "me" time. Well, because I found out the name for one of my
fetishes! For a long time I had been thinking of it in terms of only
length, and that is why I was calling it "my short-hair fetish". It
turns out this goes by, at least in Wendover, the term "Tomboy".

Loving lesbians and butch bisexuals is more or less a losing bargain. So
on a tactical level it is advantageous to try to be attracted to the
people that might have more than an inkling of mutual feelings. But try
as I might, I just can't bring myself to think of the traditional
straight woman visage as fundamentally sexy (and not just because it is
"too normal", you jerks).

Having found the correct terminology, I am certain my future internet
queries will be more bountiful in results. Now if I could find the
tomboy into suspension......
