Read or Die or Don't
####################
:date: 2009-05-04 18:59
:author: Anthony Scopatz
:category: missives
:tags: argentiniancowboys, finespecimen, lawlsadventure, oldladyhat, ssp2, totallydisillusionedwithstraightmalehood, unicorn
:slug: read-or-die-or-dont

**So it looks like I might have an expanding LJ readership. Welcome! I
write to my audience, both seen and secret. So in honor of this I will
write an entirely selfish post.**

The noun-phrase of the day is "*Body Fat Percentage*\ ".

Alright, we all know I have weird physiology. Still my quest to become a
fine specimen continues. I reached my target weight years ago, but
because of these strange and previously unknown dietary issues, it
hardly ever looked like it. As it is, I still think I look over my
actual weight and fitness...which is unfortunate.

But moving on, weight isn't everything. Muscle mass is (once you are
within 10 pounds or so) just as important. Because I can feel them and
have been doing specific exercises, I know I have some decent abdominal
muscles. The goal now is to get them visible.

To do this, `men need a body fat percentage of about 10%`_. Women, lucky
for them and their other assets, need between 14% and 18% to have
visible abs.

I am currently estimated at about 15% `Body Fat`_. So really, I need to
loose 5% body fat, which at my current weight shakes out to 7 pounds.

Ok cool, not hard right? But wait! This isn't really loosing 7 pounds,
Mr Slimfat. This is more like converting 7 pounds of fat into 7 pounds
of muscle. Or at least some combination of loosing weight while
maintaining or gaining muscle mass.

This is tricky. Loosing weight (through diet and exercise, of course) is
mostly done through aerobic exercise. On the other hand, increasing
muscle mass is done through anaerobic exercise. And there are only so
many hours in the day.

So it turns out that doing anaerobic workouts *before* aerobic ones
increases the value of both rather than the other way around. This has
been precisely my strategy for a while now. But it became clear that I
needed even more aerobic exercise throughout the day. This has been
gained by riding my bike more now that the weather is good, rather than
walking *everywhere*.

Additionally, I found this website called `FatSecret`_ which lets you
input everything you eat in a day to your profile. It will automatically
calculate a kilocalorie estimate for you. Neat! There is a real barrier
to excess food if you then have to account for it by typing it into a
website later that day...

But even better than that, you also can put in what work outs you have
done day-by-day and it will estimate the kilocalories burned. It even
accounts automatically for the energy used by sleeping or just being
awake!

Then it outputs a daily side by side summary table of what energy came
in and what energy left. Since it takes 3500 kilocalories net-burned to
loose a pound, this is super useful for getting a rough estimate of how
you are doing.

Naturally, I thought about writing a program to do basically the same
thing a couple of years ago. But since they couple it to much larger
databases than I have, they ship a better product than I have time to
write.

My goal is to attain fine specimen of a man status by my birthday! I
think I can. I have the time, will, and tools.

Thoughts?

.. _men need a body fat percentage of about 10%: http://www.takefit.com/212/how-low-does-my-body-fat-percentage-need-to-be-before-my-abs-will-become-visible/
.. _Body Fat: http://www.linear-software.com/online.html
.. _FatSecret: http://www.fatsecret.com/
