Recalculating
#############
:date: 2007-03-07 01:21
:author: Anthony Scopatz
:category: missives

So the highlight of my day today was this test I did not take. To be
more illuminating I proctored this exam today for a graduate class I
have not yet taken. I was ostensibly doing research during this time,
but more on that later. I was also signed into my AIM client and I was
talking to Meenon. At one point she said something that made me actually
laugh out loud. Of course all of the studious students vigorously
working take a short reprieve to stare at me. It was most humorous.

I did get some actual work done, however. I had been having trouble
fitting this data I have to any sort of reasonable function with
anything resembling accuracy. The key however was to take the natural
log of the data. The plot of this oddly enough looked like a log plot
which then became a line. This, of course, let me know that there was
both an x dependence and a Exp[x] dependence. This gave me a general fit
which looked like a\*x\*Exp[-b\*x], which worked like a dream. It was
cool because this is not one of those functions that people have a lot
of familiarity with and no one looks at its plot and says "Blamb! I know
what that is!" I knew something was weird about it this weekend because
it is a monotonically increasing function whose second derivative is
zero in two places over our domain. That is to say that when I plotted
the line of best fit, the data crossed this line twice while keeping its
positive slope, it is just that the slope changed. Of course that was
just the dependence of the data on one variable. The other variable was
not nearly as difficult. Right now I am busy recalculating the data
adding in a third independent variable. This will likely take overnight.
