[Sequoia: Days Two - Five] More Crazies, Fewer Bears
####################################################
:date: 2009-07-24 17:14
:author: Anthony Scopatz
:category: missives
:tags: sequoia
:slug: sequoia-days-two-five-more-crazies-fewer-bears

Whooo Ok. Let's finish this off here.

**Day 2:** Believe it or not, the second day was when the pucky really
hit the fan. Shane and I slept soundly the night before so we got sort
of a late start. We saw the Tortoises a couple of more times on our way
up to Hamilton Lake. It was another couple of thousand feet up over a
short and steep trail. Serene and clam, the lake provided our lunch time
spot at about 1 pm.

With plenty of daylight left to us, I posed the question to Shane on
whether to press on to Precipice Lake or to stay at Hamilton for the
night. Shane wisely lead us up and away.

If the hike to Hamilton was steep, the one to Precipice was worse.
Notice a trend? On the way we come across a couple of guys making their
decent. Apparently, they were trying to go from Giant Forest to Mt.
Whitney in a mere 5 days. This leg of the hike was too much for them and
so they decided to turn back and do some other route with their time.
This was our first sign. Oddly one of the men knew about Eric Schwartz,
whose t-shirt Shane was wearing.

Further up this leg, we meet a couple of other guys, also on their way
down. We tell them that we are going to stay the night at Precipice.
They tell us that there is snow there. We say "Great, we'd love to cool
off!" They inform us that it would be well worth the 45 minutes to push
over Kaweah Gap that night. We thank them and continue on. This was our
second sign.

| We loose the trail several times on our way up to the lake because of
vast snow cover. This was our third sign. But we make it to Precipice
and this is what we see...
|  |image0|
|  So Shane gets the question again!

"Do we press on or do we turn back and go to Hamilton?" It is 5:30 pm.
Light is no longer a luxury. We need to make for a place to camp. Not
wanting to backtrack after this ordeal, Shane orders the push over the
gap!

The trail has been converted into a stream for most of the rest of the
short and flat jaunt to Kaweah Gap. But hiking down the other side of
the gap into the Big Arroyo Valley was easily the most dangerous and
difficult part of the trip.

After taking in the sweeping vista for a few minutes, we decide that we
need to make it to the valley floor and the trail (which we think we can
see in the distance) before dark. Unfortunately, the trail is snowed out
even worse on this side! The parts of the trail that we can't find are
now measured in quarters of a mile, and not yards. We don't know where
we are going and we can't see how to get there. **In a word: Lost.**

'Down' is the best, chilly, dusky guess we can muster. But the hillside
is steep and snowy. And where it is not snow-covered, it is rocky and
rugged. It does not take us long to arrive at an impasse that we can't
simply walk down. I think for a moment. I look around again. Then I
remember a part in "`Desert Solitaire`_\ " where Edward Abbey, being too
lazy to walk down a snowy mountain he had climbed, decided that it was
much easier to slide down a snow drift.

Ding! Off go our packs and shoved in front of us, they lead us down 60
feet that we could not have walked down, to the next ledge. Thanks
Eddie-Baby, that trick worked...once. The next impassable portion was
too steep even for that to be vaguely safe.

Here, there is a place in the rock that Shane and I can climb down and
only have to jump around 5 feet to make it. However, there was no way
for us to have our packs on and live. We considered lowering them down
on ropes, but even that seemed risky. But! If we had good aim, we might
be able to throw them to the next ledge down. Tricky business since the
ledge we wanted to hit gave us less than a foot for margin of error with
the width of our packs.

I asked Shane, "Is everything secured?" For each pack, Shane grabbed the
top of the pack and I the bottom. One, two, three, and off they went!
Amazingly they both made their mark! Mine almost went over the far edge,
but thankfully did not.

"Shit!", I yelled as I remembered that my camera was still attached to
the *outside* of the backpack and probably took the brunt of the fall.
Apparently, my brother safely secured his inside his attic... Even
though I felt like an idiot, my camera ended up being fine (Wheeew).

We make it to the warmer valley floor and find the trail. We hike for an
hour before making camp by the mosquito-infested river. Fuckin' day two,
I swear.

**Day 3:** We find ourselves today in a high mountain valley, on the
wrong side of the Great Western Divide. We had crossed it the day before
at Kaweah gap. We hike downriver, crossing several rivers and streams,
until we turn off and up to the Little Five Lakes. We make good time and
stop for lunch at about noon.

The next part of the trip takes us over Blackrock Pass, the
next-southernmost crossing of the Great Western Divide. At this point
one might consider us bored by words like 'snow' and 'rock'. Or barring
that experts at traversing them. No.

Blackrock Pass offered new and exciting ways to loose the trail. On the
way up, the trail was out as often as it was in. I'd often scramble up
over rocks to get an elevated perspective on where the trail re-emerged.
I'd shout out the information back down to Shane, who was not so dumb as
to hop over anything with a full pack on. Finally, we see Blackrock
itself. And between it and us is the largest snow field I have ever seen
in June. What must have been at least 400 yards across, it hid the trail
and thus any idea of where we were actually going.

Brief patches of trail-like land appeared for 10 feet or so before
disappearing back into snowy anonymity. However, most of the snow is
below a certain elevation, like salt collecting in the bottom of a bowl.
Unfortunately, once we make it beyond the vast snow, we have the side of
the bowl to deal with.

I know I have used the word steep previously. That was a misuse. Making
it to the top of Blackrock Pass was steep. Angles of 75+ degrees,
hands-and-knees on jagged rocks steep. Somewhere between this, ~65 lbs
on his back, and an elevation of close to 12,000 feet, Shane started
complaining that he wasn't feeling well.

| Crap. We \*have\* to get over this thing! Tonight! I give him the pep
talk about no trail being hard if you are willing to spend the proper
amount of time on it. We take frequent breaks. At long last we make it.
It is very very windy at the top.
|  |image1|
|  Worth every gust.

That night we hike down to the Kaweah Middle Fork Valley giddy at our
accomplishment. Oh, and the ability to walk downhill. We make camp at
Pinto Lake and Shane sets up the hammock.

**Day 4:** Mosquitoes drove us fast and early that morning and we make
excellent time: 7 miles before lunch at Redwood Meadow. There we meet a
creepy guy who wanted to show us a 'special mushroom' that he thinks he
can find again... We declined in feigned interest of feeding ourselves.

Our goal is to make it to the foothills, camp, wake up the next morning
and go to Buckeye Flats and hitch a ride back to our car. Nature had
other plans.

While in the middle of a creek, it starts to rain, lightning, and
thunder. This is the backpacking equivalent of being caught with your
pants down and your junk in a melon or any vegetable halfway up your
cootter-hole. We get the fuck out of that creek.

We throw our rain gear on and take a sweaty run farther down the
mountain to where it is no longer raining. Between the great time we
made that morning and being recently propelled by weather, we make for
Buckeye Flats that night.

Somehow, near dark, we do end up getting there and finding a camp-site.
We had walked 23+ miles that day. In the last 28 hours we had gone from
an elevation of 12,000 feet to a mere 3,000 or so. Our bodies were
spent. Food and sleep were the only conceivable things.

Notice how Asian tourists doing Karaoke by the fire at the camp next
door wasn't on that list? They didn't!

Also, recall the calm and professional way we handled that bear from Day
One? Yeah, no one at the camp site was there for that, so they all
freaked the hell out.

It really is amazing what will keep you awake when you are that tired!

**Day 5**\ The next morning which hitched a ride back to our car, as
planned. We went to Three Rivers, took a shower and then drove back to
Santa Ynez.

As Shane said to me at one point, "I don't think I like pain as you."
This trip was incredible!

.. _Desert Solitaire: http://books.google.com/books?id=VQewd9LDbzgC&dq=desert+solitaire&printsec=frontcover&source=bn&hl=en&ei=1ytqSqqRO8aStgfFxsC6Cw&sa=X&oi=book_result&ct=result&resnum=4

.. |image0| image:: http://lh3.ggpht.com/_KFdIKJVlj1w/SlI09zytf1I/AAAAAAAABow/YGPiw9CwsMs/s400/023_PrecipiceFrozen%5BAnthony%5D.jpg
.. |image1| image:: http://lh4.ggpht.com/_KFdIKJVlj1w/SlI1bcmgbNI/AAAAAAAABs4/HZx4GO7Vdfc/s400/050_ShaneAway%5BAnthony%5D.jpg
