Speech
######
:date: 2007-06-25 00:20
:author: Anthony Scopatz
:category: missives
:slug: speech

The following is the speech I gave at my brother Julian's Bar Mitzvah
yesterday (more complaining about Idaho up next!):

Julian Alexander Scopatz, whether you know it or not you are surrounded
by Wild Animals! Your Hebrew name, Ariel, means lion of God (which you
occasionally resemble). As a baby you were known as Taz, for the
Tasmanian Devil. Your first programming language was Python. Your first
Linux distribution was Gentoo, which is a species of penguin. (Shane
stands up and says “I am about to become an Anteater, you know UCI).

You may be asking “So what do all of these beasts ave to do with me?”
Well, for one, you are all ravenous carnivores.

The question you should be asking rather is “What can I learn from my
fast and furry-ous friends?”

From the Tasmanian Devil you can learn that life is often a frantic and
chaotic experience. You, Jules, can learn to survive only if you are are
able to match the pace of life. Adapt quickly and be off to the next new
and exciting place.

For the Python we are going to go with the Ancient Greek view. In Greece
there were no poisonous or dangerous snakes. These animals were often
kept around the house as loyal pets. They were also rather clean and
thus became associated wit medicine in the ancient world. Therefore,
learn to protect the health and safety of family, friends, and loved
ones.

From the Gentoo penguin, the lesson is clear. The world is a cold and
uncaring place. Sometimes you can make it through the day only by
submerging yourself totally in its frigid waters and hunting for
sustenance. Other times, there is safety in numbers and you can push
through by relying on the masses. Even the Stranger does not have a
heart of stone and their Kindness is a warm retreat from Icy Arctic
Blasts. Our People, have survived for millennia in Diaspora occasionally
relying on on this.

From the Anteater comes the important lesson that you do not always have
to be exactly like your brothers. Shoot off into the world. Do your own
thing. Grow a 14” long tongue. Whatever.

And finally, Ariel, the lion disseminates his message. You are Holy.
Your people are Holy. What makes you, us, we Holy? You chose us! You are
Jewish because you chose to be. Mom being Jewish, the circumcision,
learning Hebrew, All of it. These are no more than rituals to let us
know that you should be Jewish. What makes you Jewish now is that, as a
man, you have cast your lot in with the people of your birth. Your
decision; your choice. This, as you know, is a path that once chosen,
cannot be veered from any more easily than a train being derailed. In
Jewish society you now have the “right to vote.”

Along with these rights come certain obligations, as always. As a lion,
these charges are doubly present. As a man you now take responsibility
to selflessly do what is best for your family. You must be Righteous.
You must be a light unto the world.

You have a responsibility to be noble. You have a responsibility to be
benevolent. You have a responsibility to protect those whom you can.
However, don't loose yourself in this work. If you are not for yourself,
then who will be for you? And if not now, when?

Jay, we are all proud of you and we all love you. I love you.
