Status Back Baby
################
:date: 2009-08-09 23:45
:author: Anthony Scopatz
:category: missives
:tags: (a||b)whof***s(a||b||a&amp;b), +5, argentiniancowboys, bothflamingandhot, caith, lawlsadventure, totallydisillusionedwithstraightmalehood
:slug: status-back-baby

This weekend was the first time I have genuinely enjoyed myself since I
got to Raleigh, and it was lovely! Here is how it all went down:

**Wednesday:** After my meetings in the morning and afternoon, I went
and got a haircut in preparation for...

|image0|

**Thursday:** ...when I went to get new glasses and a new prescription.
Unfortunately, the optomitrist was all booked up and so I had to come
back on...

**Friday:** After my morning workout routine. I was forever at the
optomotrists, but luckily, the girls who worked there were *hilarious*.
It was cookie Friday; I got some. Unfortunately, I was so late that I
didn't get to spend a lot of time working. Shabbat was upon us. I could
have been a bad kid and worked on. But I had seen some flyers and read
some blogs. `LOVE BUG`_ was calling out to me. Not really understanding
what it was, I went back to the hotel to freshen up before heading to
the 101 Lounge, downtown, for the Great Bug Draw Off.

What "Love Bug" turned out to be was a timed, competitive, spectator art
show for charity. So at the outside bar of the lounge, they lined up
artists who had tags on their backs like marathon runners. There were
two preliminary rounds of 25 minutes where, in their chosen medium,
local artists would scramble to produce bug-related art on 8 x 10 cards
as fast as they could. Each time one was done, a moderator would lift it
up, show the crowd, and then walk it inside. Most cards were sold before
they left the stand; each was $25. The crowd often pushed into the
street. The artists from each session who sold the most were advanced to
the last round of 15 mins in which larger more elaborate pictures were
created. All the proceeds benefited non-profit `Toxic Free NC`_, whose
stated goal is to remove dangerous chemicals from the hands of children.
Fantastic.

But why is this important? Well, the 101 lounge certainly made a killing
selling bug-based drinks like the `Bee's Knees`_. But what to note is
that, while there was a swarm outside, more discerning folk would see
that the lounge had two stories! And large portrait windows all around.
One side, naturally, was basically right above the bar where the
worker-artists were humming away. So the queen seats in the house were
inside, upstairs looking down perfectly on the art and the people. This
is where the story starts.

Among the other queens enjoying such a visage, were a group of friends.
Girls+. Sometimes some of them would go downstairs and communicate with
the low-lying subjects in random-seeming walks. In any event, it was
fairly clear that the binaries and norms of the colonial subjects were
at least *questioned* from such great heights. After all, there is more
than one way to make honey.

Woefully friendless in Raleigh prior to this point, I rectified my
situation by spending a few hours casually chatting with this
interesting bunch. Thereby proving I was not some sort of owl or bat or
bullfrog. I was invited to go see the opening of a photography exhibit
at one of their coffee shops. They were tragic pieces in Black and White
biographing the lives of local homeless.

Not wanting to say "Goodbye Forever" after this, we exchanged numbers.

**Saturday:** Shawn, who has moved to Maryland for graduate studies,
stopped by for the day. We hung out, went downtown. Had dinner. Checked
out their ridiculous live music in the park. We walked around and saw
all of the civil buildings (Raleigh is the capital recall). Both of us
wanting to drink more, but me having driven, we go and hit up a couple
of euphemistically named liquor stores ("Campus Beverages") and a
Kroger. Porter, Sauvignon Blanc, cherry ice cream, and whipped cream in
hand, it hits me.

|image1|

*What if we take the 'root' out of Root Beer Float?* A bottle of wine
and Beer Floats later, Shawn and I were nicely toasted. We spend the
rest of the evening entertaining ourselves on the Onion and Craigslist.

**Sunday:** Shawn and I head over to this delicious brunch place,
southern style. Humid as boring sin, we sit outside in the heat. We go
back to the hotel and sit off brunch for a bit. This is in preparation
for going over to the mall across the thoroughfare and walking it off as
well. We come back to the hotel and try to watch old stand up comedy on
Netflix, but it fails. Shawn leaves me and Raleigh behind as he must
need be in Lexington, VA that night. I go over to one of my favourite
haunts in town and order my new favourite: cafe meiele. Somewhere in the
middle of writing a paper outline, one of my new found friends calls me.

Wow! That was fast; I planning on calling or texting them to try to hang
out on Wednesday if I hadn't heard back. They were inviting me to a
smore cookout / storytelling extravaganza. It was a very subtle blast.
Suffice to say that I learned things about squid reproduction and sea
cucumber survival tactics that I had never known before. Stop me if
you've heard this one.

And now I am here, back in my hotel room, smoke seeped into my hair. But
present in such a way that I feel absolutely free. I've got my Status
Back, Baby.

.. _LOVE BUG: http://www.newraleigh.com/articles/archive/love-bug-the-great-bug-draw-off-art-exhibit/
.. _Toxic Free NC: http://www.toxicfreenc.org/
.. _Bee's Knees: http://www.ehow.com/how_2100835_bees-knees-cocktail.html

.. |image0| image:: http://lh6.ggpht.com/_KFdIKJVlj1w/Snpl6S4iZDI/AAAAAAAACdA/x2RuXgkQE20/s400/p8050042.jpg
.. |image1| image:: http://lh3.ggpht.com/_KFdIKJVlj1w/Sn-mM44k5uI/AAAAAAAACi4/5BW4FQT_Qc4/s400/p8080043.jpg
