Taking a Break
##############
:date: 2008-03-31 23:31
:author: Anthony Scopatz
:category: missives
:slug: taking-a-break

Here a couple important musings of the day:

Firstly I have been really negligent on my workout schedule in the past
months. I really have been slacking off. I really haven't done more than
a day or two here and there since the start of Winter Break.

Bad, I know. I have a ton of excuses (Winter depresses me) but I won't
go into them. The long of the short of it is that I resigned last night
to kick myself into gear and make sure I burn at least 1000 kCal per day
for the month of April and the remainder of March. I figure this would
at least give me a fighting chance of being in shape by summer.

So after my workout today I did the dreaded thing and got on the scale
and weighed myself to see how out of shape I really was. I thought I was
about 150 lbs which would mean I was 15 lbs off of my 135 mark that I
set years ago.

TADA! After years I have finally made it! I checked in at a mere 134.5
lbs.

Good news, right? Well maybe not. Yes, I have hit my weight goal (which
is totally awesome). However, I know I have more body fat on me than I
did in November. I also know I am not as strong. So what I think has
happened is that I have traded Muscle Mass for fat. Not quite the trade
one wants.

So my target weight may be more like 137.5, with muscle! I think I can
live with this. My strategy of eating more fruit and protein and less
carbs certainly took the weight off for the past months.

On the other hand, the scale could have been off and this is all a cruel
joke.

Either way I will be exercising to become sexy for summer. Here's to
hoping I don't bulk up and my stomach will finally not hate me.

SECONDLY: The new facebook thing that shows you people you \*might\*
know has got to be the worst thing they have EVAR done. What if there is
someone(s) who you used to be in high school with who for whatever
reason you now can't stand to see. Even that quarter inch thumbnail
might just make you snap.

Normally, this wouldn't be so bad but there is no way to turn it off!
Yet!

If someone isn't my "friend" I probably don't want them to be. Sorry
Mark Zuckerberg, I don't actually like everyone. If it suggested you as
my friend, I would totally ignore it.

Alright, enough ranting. Back to the grindstone for me.
