The State of Beef:
##################
:date: 2007-01-19 02:12
:author: Anthony Scopatz
:category: missives
:slug: the-state-of-beef

Alright, so this post is long overdue and my insomnia has gotten the
best of me this evening. Some of you may have been guessing this
already, but here goes.

I have decided to drop the label of nerd. There exist a field of
definitions with a myriad of flowers growing in it for what this word
means and its origins [1]. It is further distinguished from the words
'geek' and 'dork', both titles I have never nor intend to hold. None of
these things are for me anymore.

I predict as our generation meta-morphs into adulthood, and more
importantly the prior generation (the X-ers), the ideal of Nerd will
become mainstream and more accepted in "normal" society. This is in
large part due to the word 'nerd' becoming synonymous with 'technocrat',
and technology has always been cool. The the more we grow up, the more
relaxed about what our generations free-time acceptable activities will
be.

Nevertheless, nerd is no longer for me. I made this decision a while
ago, but thought it might be a transient response to a former life. I
have waited and thought and decided that it is not as transient as some
have hoped.

A specter from one of these past lives once mocked me by saying that my
belief in change was ill-founded as I had failed to produce a lasting
change in myself. The funny thing is that many psychologists agree with
this [2]. People in the Humanities and Social Sciences tend to believe
that, placing mood and other incidental factors aside, one's personality
is set from a very early age with possible changes in adolescence. This
scientist screams out that they are simply making the problem of
understanding the the incomprehensible easier by removing any and all
time-dependent effect. This is fine well and good for a base case, but
dismissing the problem doesn't mean the concern is illegitimate.

I believe in change, and believing allows the foresight to harness it. I
also believe in revenge, which is certainly what triggered a lot of
this. In short, however, my methods have improved many-fold since I last
undertook a major personal restructuring.

What I have learned that is pertinent, is that change is more
fundamental the longer it takes. Epiphany is needed, yes, but forcing
one's will onto one's environment is a seed that requires the proper
care for wholesome growth.

There will be naysayers who say I cannot do it, that I have already
failed. The will "But you just bout the Diablo box set and the World of
Warcraft Expansion, how does that make you less nerdy?"

To them I say that I have, made many friends with and I am related to
people in the gaming industry and culture. For me, this things are
simply a social activity which I will be weening myself and others off.
Furthermore, as some of you have pointed out, it is how our generation
(as I pointed out earlier) communicates. I do \*not\* intend on loosing
any friends in this as most of the people I know who style themselves
nerds are genuinely good people.

For me, it is and has been a purely social phenomenon of late. My heart
just isn't in it anymore.

Additionally, what my heart truly longs for is being interrupted,
distracted by the presence of the word 'nerd' in my title. My wanderlust
must take me to my more pure and reasoned pursuits.

This is my choice; I only ask for your acceptance. I do not judge you
for your choices. Understand that we are all truly individuals and
alone. Please do not attempt to comprehend me through any vector; no
good can come of it.

And if you couldn't figure it out, n = 0.[3]

| -----
|  Ref.

1. Do a google search

2. http://www.personalitypathways.com/type\_inventory.html (after the
green header)

3. Patrick
