The King is Gone But He's Not Forgotten
#######################################
:date: 2007-10-09 01:37
:author: Anthony Scopatz
:category: missives
:slug: the-king-is-gone-but-hes-not-forgotten

My cat TK died today, or yesterday rather. I haven't slept and the days
all blur together.

This makes me sad. He was a kind a noble spirit. The heights of cat-hood
were attained with that one. Unlike most cats he was loyal to a fault.
He came to us out of the snow in -60 weather my father's birthday in
January. As a child he would walk us to the bus stop every morning
regardless of weather. He was the only cat I have ever known that I
could teach to give me a high five.

Beyond all of this he was premier in his love of sport hunting.
chipmunks and other rodents were everyday fare. Birds, even doves, were
larger prey I was happy to dispose of after the feast. A gang of
raccoons stood no chance when trying to steal his meal in the cold
Hoosier wind. The bell emplaced on his neck did not cull his habits, but
rather honed his skill and carnivorous nature.

He was 18 years old.

All material and sentimental artefacts of my youth may and ought be
forgotten. TK's memory and strength and cunning, however, has long been
part of my psyche.

I was in a funk all weekend and no one saw me, though I longed to be
seen.

I think in retrospect, TK's passing was felt a priori. I get these
feelings sometimes. I can't ignore them, though I try. Then something
always happens. TO ALL YOU NON-BELIEVERS OUT THERE: This actually occurs
to me. Not that you would believe me.

I am a well-defined man, but I have no sense of self.

The most important thing to happen to me this Yom Kippur was that I lost
all internal purpose and motivation. And now this, and I just wanna be
alone; be loved.

Whatever next the world wants to do to me, let it pass for I have no
fear nor shame. I am hardly a person at this point.
