The Once and Future Pumpkin
###########################
:date: 2009-11-03 15:27
:author: Anthony Scopatz
:category: missives
:tags: doyouhaveadorsalfin?, northofthewall, onlyonemanwoulddaregivemetheraspberry, physor, unicorn
:slug: the-once-and-future-pumpkin

My Halloween kinda sucked. For some stupid reason a conference paper
draft deadline was at midnight.. So guess who got to work 12 hours that
day. I submitted the paper at 10:45pm. Needless to say, it did not leave
a lot of time for partying.

But with the help of Anne, `we did manage to salvage the night`_. We
carved a pumpkin, cooked the seeds, and then watched some Golden Girls.
As my ninja carrot friend in Madison consoled me later, "*The Golden
Girls make everything right.*\ "

|image0|

But onto WHY I was working all throughout my favorite secular holiday.
My future gets decided, soon. Which is very very stressful. For those of
you who didn't know, I am supposed to graduate from UT in May. I am not
convinced that this will happen. Nor am I convinced that it will occur
by August (my adviser's revised date). In any case, the professors are
all making noises that it is coming soon.

**There is a 95% chance that when I graduate, I leave Austin as well.**
Now what this means exactly is rather unclear. Where will I go? Who will
I work for? How much money will I make? Will I be in the country? At a
university? At a national lab? Will I move to a more technical track or
will I get slotted into policy? Will I still be collaborating with this
broadening research group?

The short answer to these is, "Fuck if I know..." What ever happens, I
will probably be traveling as much as ever. So the 4+ months that I
spend outside of Texas will be flipped. I am probably going to be around
Austin at least a few weeks out of the year. One of those weeks you can
count your pretty pennies on (read: Flipside).

One of the professors in my department recommended me trying to become
the one really technical policy nuclear engineer out there. He has an
interesting idea. I have the knack for it on all sides. And it is sort
of a non-standard gig, so I could probably really make a name for
myself. Which is essential for entering the world of Academe proper.

Ok, no biggie right? No. I haven't had a face to face meeting with my
adviser in over a month. The ones we try to have keep getting moved
around and rescheduled. I have the (unjustifiable) feeling that he might
be avoiding me. I think that they call it abandonment.

I mean, I have more than enough work to do. But I am getting nervous.
What are my contributions to the field going to be? Am I worth it? Can I
be a technical policy leader? What will that kind of prestige cost? Am I
willing to pay it? I know understand the phrase, "Dare to Dream".

**Dreams are scary...**

.. _we did manage to salvage the night: http://picasaweb.google.com/scopatz/Halloween09#

.. |image0| image:: http://lh5.ggpht.com/_KFdIKJVlj1w/Su844NX1EAI/AAAAAAAAEQM/QXEO_XhUkg8/s400/pa310001.jpg
