The Golden Compass
##################
:date: 2007-08-07 09:11
:author: Anthony Scopatz
:category: missives
:slug: the-golden-compass

It is too bad Lyra isn't Italian.

So I finished "the Golden Compass" today. It is definitely one of the
best kids books I have ever read. The story is fast and engaging and
follows a complicated plot as seen from a very convincing childlike
perspective.

The real reason this book is a feat is that the main character (in
fantasy terms) has one and only one special ability. The singularness of
it is not what is amazing, but rather what it is. Her special ability as
far as I can tell is that she is a compulsive and convincing liar.

This doesn't really strike one as something that would be all that
helpful, but it turns out that the way she uses this tactic over and
over again is done with extreme deft and care. Also it is quite odd to
think of a hero as someone so weaselly without actually being an
anti-hero.

I look forward to picking up the next book in the trilogy even though I
may not do it immediately. I am in 3R and just bought a book that I have
been eying for a few years now. This one is called "Conifers of
California". It is a very pretty and informative illustrated manual. Odd
the coffee table here we keep a collection of books about the trees in
the park and I am going to add this one to it. I, of course, have read
them all cover to cover but the rule is that I have to read them while
in Three Rivers. I probably should tick off all of the trees in there
that I have personally seen in the wild. Better yet, it would be neat to
take pictures with me by each one of them. This would be quite the feat
since some of them are quite remote and rare, like my favorite tree in
the world: the Foxtail pine. it lives only above 8,500 feet and there
are only two small region where they grow, separated by 300 miles or
something. Most people that see them don't even know what they are.

Other than all of that I am chilling in Visalia while my parents pick up
supplies. I did some work for my adviser, which could have taken a while
but I managed to alter some previous code and bust it out real quick.
Teh sw33t.

It doesn't look like Sean will go backpacking with us...and it also
doesn't look like we'll be able to go rafting with him.

This funny thing happened, but you had to be there. I was ^\_^
