The Book I have been reading lately is...
#########################################
:date: 2007-04-30 23:37
:author: Anthony Scopatz
:category: missives
:slug: the-book-i-have-been-reading-lately-is

Non-Linear Dynamics and Chaos by Steven Strogatz.

This book is much better than I remember it being when I took my class
with it. Mostly because it was supplemental and not helpful to the
mathematics being taught in the class I was in.

However this book and `This`_ movie have convinced me to go back into
physics ASAP. But don't tell anyone. I still need to make it out of
Nuclear Engineering with a degree. I think the only way to sever ties
happily is to convince them that it is best for me to leave. I kinda
don't know how I am going to do this nor exactly how I can guarantee my
getting in here at the UT Physics dept. I have certainly learned a lot
in my year off. Most importantly I have learned that I accomplish much
more when I am not in a relationship or near family or any of my
traditional distractions. I think that is why I do very well whenever I
jump from place to place. Is settling down an option?

Also Sean and Nick are both living in Santa Cruz and I am very envious.
It looks like Shane and Andrew will both be in Irvine and I am seriously
jealous. I have always relied on Andrew to provide the friend group
where I wasn't a dominant personality (read Extrovert). Now that he is
forming his own, second friendships (and integrating them with his
current and past as he always does) I would like to be there for it.
Furthermore, How tight would it be to go to college with my brother
albeit Grad and Undergrad...That would be more fun than a keg of drunk
monkeys.

Instead I am moving to Idaho.

Austin will be hard to leave and I don't think my time is up here yet. I
don't foresee myself dating anyone while I am here, which may be
compelling enough a reason to leave. If I can find no suitable method of
occasionally satisfying my carnal desires, then I'll be pretty sick of
this place after about three years I think. Also it might be culture
shock moving back to a place not Texas. I have carved out a home here
and I am loathe to leave.

All of this because of Chaos. I am working diligently and strongly for
my professors. They give me unreasonable demands that I was once able to
fulfill, but now that I am having all these weird stomach aches and
vegan-ish, I am having trouble accomplishing with, if you pardon the
pun, any regularity. I feel if I am going to work my tuchas off and not
really make a livable wage, then I should at least be doing something I
love. Something I can get excited about. Something I can jump up on a
table and shout about how cool it is. It is weird, but I finally found
something that is intuitive and challenging and fun to me; and yet I am
not doing it. Step by Step, I will get there. My five year plan has
changed every year for the past three or four years. Sometimes it has
vacillated more than once a solar cycle.

.. _This: http://chaos.ph.utexas.edu/research/rddeegan/cornstarch.avi
