Time
####
:date: 2007-02-16 02:30
:author: Anthony Scopatz
:category: missives
:slug: time

The one thing I love, above all, about Art is its ability to challenge.
I have recently started listening to some of Neil Young's non-radio
tracks and he is spectacular. Albeit in a different direction, his music
is every bit as impossible to wrap your mind around as Zappa's from a
musicality standpoint. When he is making social commentary (which is
often enough), it is typically about a more common human experience or
is much more direct social justice message than Zappa's immersion into a
decadent society that lies and cheats and manipulates the masses.
Interestingly enough, their methodology of taking a well-recognized form
of music and running with those themes off the deep-end and adding in a
little moral whether you are aware of it or not, is strikingly similar
and is not something most musicians do, or artist for that matter.
Listening to the works of their pathos is a far cry from the indulgence
in camp of Susan Sontag's world. Mrs. Sontag is of course correct that I
fundamentally enjoy the experience, so I allow myself to continue
listening. I guess what I am trying to say here is that Neil young is
really good, and not just because he is really good.

Worthy of note, also, I went to a Gay hour at a cafe, because one of my
friends didn't want to go alone. The funny thing is that I think I liked
the place a bit more than he did. Interestingly enough, I would say that
an unhealthy proportion of the people in there were extroverts: 90+%.

Valentines day was. I hardly noticed but I did get some free flowers
today from someone who was getting rid of them post-festivities.

I have been getting excited about a possible Big Bend trip. I really
want to go. It has been too long. Oh OH! I am now officially a member of
the Sierra Club. They are sending me a free backpack. It should be
pretty sweet I think.

I went to a really interesting seminar today about Ancient Greece, its
relevance now, and Western Civilization. The speaker was amazingly
perceptive. I would have had his babies. He basically made the argument
that "western" was geographically independent and has been for 2,500
years as it originally applied only to those on the western Aegean. It
also goes the other way, and claims that countries such as Japan and
South Korea are western in every sense of the way he means it. To
illustrate the list of interesting points he made would take longer than
his lecture, but suffice it to say that he expressed very well a lot of
things about society I had noticed since my Myers-Briggs awakening,
which basically amounts to my awareness about systems of people.

I have now rambled on long enough such that no one will have made it all
the way here. If you have though you can leave a little comment saying
"Screw You Scopatz!@! I should kill you where you stand for saying
Guad-a-Loop!"
