UPDATE!!
########
:date: 2009-02-24 01:14
:author: Anthony Scopatz
:category: missives
:tags: alittlebirdtoldme, duncanidaho, onatotallyunrelatednote
:slug: update

Yesh...I am tired.

A lot has been going on lately. After my vacation to the west coast, a
week later my parental unit (mother, father, and grandmother) visited
for a week. While all of this was quite exciting, pleasant, and needed I
am now far behind on real work. Not hopelessly so, but still. Since my
parents were leaving on Saturday, I decided to take the rest of Shabbat
off and relax. This turned out to be kind of a disaster.

\ **On A Totally Unrelated Note:**\  I invited one of my friends over,
but was abandoned.

\ **On A Totally Unrelated Note:**\  I desperately need to speak to one
of Varys agents, but have not recently had the opportunity.

\ **On A Totally Unrelated Note:**\  I am poor because the Birthright
deposit wiped me out. Yes it is free. Yes there is a deposit. And yes I
plan to go, though it is with my brother. I wouldn't go alone.

\ **On A Totally Unrelated Note:**\  I haven't been as interested in
dating lately. But as my coz points out, this could just be that my
parental unit was in town.

\ **On A Totally Unrelated Note:**\  I have been having strange,
reoccurring dreams lately. By which I mean nightmares. They are, more or
less, me watching a fight between Duncan Idaho from "Dune" and Cpt. Ahab
as played by Gregory Peck from "Moby Dick". Frankly, they need to stop.

\ **On A Totally Unrelated Note:**\  I received an unexpected email from
an old friend. I responded but have heard no further reply.

\ **On A Totally Unrelated Note:**\  I have, through this delirium, been
wondering at the validity of online dating. Maybe it is just making me
think I am putting myself out there while I actually am not. I am not
getting any AND I am not doing any in the flesh flirting. I mean, maybe
I never did. I used to think that any sex, even bad sex, still was worth
it on some level (new experiences, etc). Since I have reversed decision
I feel like I have an obligation to myself to go out in active search of
things that I enjoy. But HEY! Guess who is super busy and whose parents
are in town?!

\ **On A Totally Unrelated Note:**\  I realized today that I don't have
any hobbies that involve other people or that can't be done alone. This
should probably change.

On a related note, I should probably get some sleep. Why that homework
took me 20 hours of which I will probably only get a 50% on, I will
never know. As I have said before, I am just stupid enough to not know
when to quit.
