Walk
####
:date: 2007-03-21 22:25
:author: Anthony Scopatz
:category: missives
:slug: walk

So today I found myself with some excess energy and and time and went
for a walk. I walked down the Shoal Creek trail and down to Town Lake
and then back up though the city proper. Shoal creek is actually quite
nice and very close. I am quite pleased and surprised that I had never
been there before. The connecting trail from Shoal Creek to Town Lake is
terrible though and I do not recommend it to anyone for any reason other
than that I am pretty sure there are some bats living under a couple of
the bridges. All in all my mood was very much in swing on this trip. I
felt very good about Austin in parts and then disgusted by the
metropolis in others. I would be so much happier on a ranch in West
Texas. I don't know. Maybe I am one of those few people who doesn't need
others. That can't be entirely true however, as when I am in the city I
am very reliant on other people, especially socially. I could be happy
alone on the border between the wild and civilization. Or with others. I
am fine with loved ones living with me there. Nothin' too complicated
though. I swear, Austin has been the move that has given me the least
access to nature. Nothing of substance is over the back fence, like all
other places I have been, or the really cool places didn't have a back
fence. Maybe I should find a job in Arizona.
