Watch It
########
:date: 2008-09-08 19:01
:author: Anthony Scopatz
:category: missives
:tags: waitireallydolikeit
:slug: watch-it

Once again I find myself painfully bored with editing.

Because there was such a cacophony against what I wrote about "Watchmen"
and most of it echoed each other, I have started this thread as a
general response. You know rather than repeating myself ^\_^.

Ok So let me clarify again. I did like it. I really did. However,
everyone I ever talked to before reading seemed to say that it was a 9
or a 10. I didn't think so. I would put it more at a 7 or an 8. And that
is all I was trying to get across and gave my reasons why I would place
it lower than most people.

**1) Publishing date and temporal relativism:** Yes, I understand that
"Watchmen" came out before Cthulu was 'cool' and 'overused'. I knew this
while reading it, which is why I more or less give it a pass on this
front. I didn't mention this originally so much as a criticism as much
as a personal taste thing.

Only having a 20 year shelf life for me is incredibly short compared to
the rest of the works on my bookshelf (off by a couple of orders of
magnitude). Which is why \*I\* would rate it lower than your normal
human being. Tolkien only had about 50 years. And who knows GRRM could
have even less. But I am prepared to judge books by future standards
when that time comes.

But there are other Sci-Fi/Fantasy works that at this time still seem to
be fairly transcendent of time. Sure Asimov was only expanding on
classical themes (Golem, etc). Okay, Herbert achieved his different
voices mostly through insane perturbations of obscure words. Both of
these authors worked before "Watchmen" and retain their presence.

**2) Hitting/Missing:** Actually, I am pretty sure I didn't miss the
point. I got it *and I liked it.* I didn't really talk about the
postmodern elements in my original post because I thought that this was
one of the larger marks in its favor. I really wanted that post to be
about what I didn't like, and specifically how the voice thing bothered
me so much (since this seems unique, and therefore interesting).

But now that you bring it up, I loved it. Specifically, the stuff with
the privateer comic-in-the-comic stuff was amazing. Reading those
sections provided me with a multitasking challenge that I found
difficult at 4 am.

The fact that the characters are supposed to represent other more well
known characters is sort of a given in order for the author to make the
points and commentaries he wants to make.

And Blah! I need to start editing again. I have a lot of thoughts on
modernism, post-modernism, and `post-post-modernism`_. But I guess it
has got to wait.

BTW the tag for the original post was an in joke to the people in
Austin. So don't be confused by it.

.. _post-post-modernism: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jtWSlAi1uJg
