Welcome
#######
:date: 2006-12-20 00:41
:author: Anthony Scopatz
:category: missives
:slug: welcome

So it has come to my attention that we have some new readers. Not
entirely unexpected as I added some of them as friends and they in
consequence added me.

For the old guard: These, naturally, enough are my friends in Austin. I
believe some general references have been made to them already.

For the new: Welcome! This has previously been my place to keep in
contact with some old friends. However, I welcome the new readership and
the changes it implies. If you haven't noticed already, most (half-ish,
the other half being babble) of the information is loosely encrypted and
intended toward specific individuals with the information capable of
decrypting what I have written. With the addition of you there will
likely be some posts directed towards you. However, now that you are
here, any possible post about you will be more obscurely written as to
throw you off, if this is the desired effect. If you manage to decrypt a
message, through actual knowledge or a lucky guess or otherwise, and you
feel it was something that was not intended for you, then you should pat
yourself on the back. Furthermore, if you do this, you are wholly
expected to keep this accomplishment to yourself. I do not want to hear
about it nor field questions on it. There are other, more time honored
ways to get information out of me. I am beyond the childhood state of
directly answering questions about anything other than my many and
varied Academic pursuits. That said, enjoy!
