What I did on my weekend.
#########################
:date: 2007-01-28 23:20
:author: Anthony Scopatz
:category: missives
:slug: what-i-did-on-my-weekend

Well some life happened. This will be a slice of life post rather than
one with a meaning directed at individuals who know who they are or
something more philosophical.

Saturday I woke up rather late and then got a phone call from Tara. She
sounds a little on edge with life in San Diego. She is holding down like
three jobs. It sounds pretty hectic. I am sure she will make it through
though.

I spent the first part of my day cleaning my room and it now looks quite
nice. In all of this I got my website back up. I have decided it needs a
complete overhaul.

I then did some watercolors which I am quite proud of, but have yet to
put on my little board. One of them, while not being necessarily
artistic, satisfies all other conditions that I have for Art.

I then went over to Anthony's and Robin's place and had to beg to slice
carrots. Our nominal purpose was to cook soup and watch "My Neighbor
Totoro." We did and both soup and film were of tasty and supper-b
quality. The movie was pleasant, but certainly not my favorite Miyazaki
film. The company also consisted of Anna, Ashley (who looks very nice
with her short hair now), Patrick and much later Alex. We had a
conversation about women and the draft (if it is to be re-instituted).
The female members (sans Robin, who wasn't in the room) of our troupe
were very much against a co-ed draft "on biological ground". Not many
equalists in the group. Somehow this lead to me making a comment about
boning grapes, which cleared the room of all women.

On Sunday, I went to "Pan's Labyrinth" with Robin and Anthony and
Robin's Madre y Hermano. It was quite good, if somewhat unsatisfying. I
love the Alamo Drafthouse.

Then I went to the new REI on 6th and Lamar to check it out. I wanted to
look at boats, but was disappointed.

Next I went to BookPeople, which is right next door, ostensibly to look
at the hot girls that work at large independent book stores and find a
GLBT/Women/Men Studies book to read. I was tricked though. I ended up
spending a lot of time flipping through their books in the World
Religions, Philosophy, and Science & Mathematics sections before I made
it to the GLBT section. When I got there I found only two books about
Bisexuals, the stuff on men largely didn't resonate today, and the most
interesting stuff were the books on Techno-Feminism. I then realized
that the questions I wanted answered would addressed in books in the
Sociology and Personality Types section. I was too lazy, however, to go
find this section and pick out a suitable purchase. I ended up buying a
book about Chaos.

As it turns out, the hot girl that I remember working at BookPeople when
I went there in the holiday season was working today. She was a bag
checker for both times. In December she wore a canary yellow skirt but
today she was wearing jeans. Apparently, she is going to be going on a
first date with someone she has corresponded with online. It is a
roller-date. That is, they are going to be going rollerskating.
Creative. So I now know that she is kinda single. This one is out of my
league, but not by much. More incentive to continue my exercise regime,
which I am of course doing totally for my own health.

The moral of this story is that it pays to listen in on other peoples
conversations.

I then came home, and watched South Park and made myself dinner.
