Woah!
#####
:date: 2006-09-26 00:39
:author: Anthony Scopatz
:category: missives
:slug: woah

So this weekend was pretty crazy and I can rant and rave about various
people and experiances but I will keep everything clean.

Instead I am going to tell everyone about my supercool HackMaster game.
So I think I mentioned that my campaign had too many players for one
game and instead we have formed two parties that will coexist. Well, it
got even wilder. So we have 12 slots open but a potential 14 players so
I am forced to come up with ways to get players to leave the game
tactfully! How nutso is that?!

The Evil Party is really hyped and definitely my type of role-players.
The party thusfar is made up of one Mute Monk, a Bounty Hunter, a Wild
Mage and a Blood Mage. They are so screwed until they get a Cleric, and
they know it. On the other hand they know they will have to be creative
to solve most problems. Also, It is nice that they all understand that
they can't be Stupid Evil and are prepared to rock my socks.

The good party still needs to get fully up and running but I am hoping
to play sometime with them sometime this week. Their theoretical makeup
is a monk, thief, cleric, ranger, and some sort of magic user.

This Campaign has the potential to be my Magnum Opus. It would be hard
to top this set up. There is just SOOOOO much fun stuff you can do when
yuo are playing one group off of another that is simply not doable with
one party. Also, I am positive that it makes the game much much more
interesting for the players since less of the creative output they see
is coming directly and only from me. Also since I am blatantly stealing
characters (with justification) from at least 3 other campaigns as
initial main NPCs, I am certain that helps increase the creative
content. These players are really in for a treat like no other.

It is so nice too, being able to design campaigns with contingents. The
sucess or faliure of one party with thier tasks can and will have direct
effects on the game world that the other party sees when they play. In
addition, to make things suitable ambiguous, the parties may
occasionalyl have the same goal but for different reasons, goals which
can only be achieved through their cooperation...which would rock since
I am going to give them suitable enough reasons to be enimies.

And after the goal is achieved...Battle Royale!

This will be spectacular. Keeping the parties roughly balanced will be
the hard part. But really if that is the least of your worries, you are
sitting pretty.

My HackMaster forums with more info about the game world can be found at
http://www.guildut.org/forum/index.php?showforum=39
