Yesterday's Musings
###################
:date: 2007-07-03 16:00
:author: Anthony Scopatz
:category: missives
:slug: yesterdays-musings

A friend who shall remain nameless was speaking to me about Name Magic.
By this, of course, was the process by which naming something gave this
person power over said things. In this case, if I remember and
understood clearly, the objects being named were emotions.

This person claims that the naming of certain emotions grated the
ability to not Hate. The observational morsel that this all leads up to
is that this ability was viewed as a positive quality by the unsaid
person.

Note: The personage and the situation in which this all arose are not of
importance to about half of the readership here and the other half might
simply find it quaint should they care. Therefore the basis for the
problem which I now present has been given in the most fundamental
terms.

Quandary: Is there a justification for Hate? Is Hate one of those
emotions that exists only to be conquered? Is the mastery of Hate one of
those properties by which ones own humanity may be measured?

Caveat: I am not sure any of the questions proposed above are indeed the
question. They may in fact merely beat around some central question.
Therefore the point of this may be to find what the central question is.

So I will start out by admitting my humanity. I hate people. Certain
people. These are people I have met and those I have never known. I
shan't name them; that would be rude.

I have always been taught not to hate. I have been taught that hate is a
strong word, maybe the strongest. I have been taught not to use it
lightly.

However, one of the most beautiful things about this country (which I
Love by the way) is the implicit right to Hate. In the United States you
can hate anyone or anything. This is guaranteed by the philosophy that
thought crimes should be illegal. Even, treasonous thought crimes should
be illegal. (though this is a bit off topic, treasonous though crimes
should be illegal because the only method to defeat them is through
allowing them. If you allow people to hate the country you show them
that the government is better than they could have imagined because of
this benevolence. Oppressing hateful beliefs towards the state only
inflames them. Better to let the kindling burn itself out.)

No one can tell me, as a citizen, how to feel. Now, expressing some of
these beliefs publically (especially if untrue) may be defamatory, and
that would be illegal. But I can Hate!

Like with any right afforded me, I will not throw it out nor piss on it.
I treat this assumed right the same way I do voting. I am therefore very
selective in my hate. My hate is hard to earn.

Philosophically, I am allied with Dante quite closely on some issues.
Specifically I believe that betrayal is the absolute worst act one may
commit against a fellow human. As I think about it this is because
active betrayal is the first step to a series of other crimes. Being
Jewish, there is a mostly historical political movement you can guess I
Hate. My great grandfather fought valiantly in the Great War for the
Germans for God's sake.

The people in my time whom I Hate are not in a position where Name Magic
is going to subdue my hate. I have named the causes. I have named the
effects. I have this power over the situation. I consciously choose my
Hate over all other options. I daresay even that Hate was the best
solution to a most bothersome problem.

So mayhaps the situations for me and my friend are different. I have
clearly chosen Hate while this person is trying to avoid it. Now here is
what I do not understand: the avoidance of Hate. I feel that morally, in
their shoes, Hate could be justified (from what I know). This person my
be avoiding Hate thus because it is more comfortable to not hate. This
isn't a bad reason. If the situation doesn't require it, then humans
should be allowed to pick the manner in which they live their own life.

Also it might be seen that Hate could hinder this situation. Information
is always more important to have than ease of emotion. If Hate would
inhibit the gathering of data then it could be deemed prudent to not do
so.

Now that I have babbled on for a while, it is important to restate the
question. Hate was being avoided to gather more information which
manifested as Name Magic. This Name Magic gave power over Hate. However,
once the Name Magic is obtained what reason is there to still pursue the
avoidance of Hate?

I would claim that there is no compelling reason to avoid Hate once one
has power over it. One could keep avoiding it simply to prove that the
power over it is real and absolute.

I think that there is also a severe difference of perspective. I am
using Hate, and most other emotions, as a tool. My friend is viewing
Hate as an adversary in and of its own right. Maybe it is this
perspective difference that bothers me.

It isn't that the viewpoint is alien; it is all too familiar. I held the
same opinion for many years and thought myself a good person. Now that
my stance differs, does this make me a bad person?

I think where we meet is here. We both desire power over Hate, but view
it as two different heads of the same beast. My friends power comes
through Name Magic and degrading Hate to other, possibly less sever
emotions. This means that Hate isn't even itself. It is something else
that isn't worrying as much about. My power comes through its
manipulation.

But I have always been sneaky.

You may then wonder why I have told you all of this. Doesn't this blow
my sneaky cover? This is because when I decide to Hate you, you will
have forgotten all of this. And after I remind you that you have been
warned you will Hate me all the more. Sneaky, see?

I can play on a fair and open field, and win!
